#// -------- PERMISSIONS LIST BLOCKS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 08.01 12:27 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 34749 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.break.*                                                                         # (default: true) Allow breaking blocks
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.channelValve.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:channelValve.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropAllium.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Allium
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropAum.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Aum
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropAurigold.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Aurigold
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBlack.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Black Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBlue.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Blue Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBrown.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Brown Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaCyan.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Cyan Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaGray.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Gray Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaGreen.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Green Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLightBlue.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Light Blue Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLightGray.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Light Gray Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLime.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Lime Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaMagenta.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Magenta Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaOrange.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Orange Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaPink.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Pink Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaPurple.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Purple Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaRed.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Red Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaWhite.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Mystical White Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaYellow.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Yellow Flower
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropCactus.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropCarrot.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Carrot
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropCerublossom.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:cropCerublossom.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropCuprosia.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cuprosia
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropDaisy.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Daisy
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropDandelion.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dandelion
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropDesertNova.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:cropDesertNova.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropDiamahlia.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Diamahlia
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropEmeryllis.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Emeryllis
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropFerranium.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ferranium
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropJaslumine.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Jaslumine
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropLapender.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Lapender
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropNiccissus.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Niccissus
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropNitorWart.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Nitor Wart
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropOrchid.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Orchid
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropOsmonium.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Osmonium
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropPetinia.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Petinia
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropPlatiolus.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Platiolus
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropPlombean.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Plombean
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropPoppy.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Poppy
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropPotato.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Potato
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropQuartzanthemum.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Quartzanthemum
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropRedstodendron.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Redstodendron
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropShroomBrown.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Brown Mushroom
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropShroomRed.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Red Mushroom
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropSilverweed.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Silverweed
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropSugarcane.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sugarcane
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropTarmaRoot.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:cropTarmaRoot.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropTulipOrange.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Orange Tulip
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropTulipPink.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pink Tulip
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropTulipRed.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Red Tulip
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropTulipWhite.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK White Tulip
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.cropWakebloom.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:cropWakebloom.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.crops.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Crop Sticks
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.fence.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:fence.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.fenceGate.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:fenceGate.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.grate.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:grate.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.peripheral.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Computer Controlled Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.seedAnalyzer.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.seedStorage.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:seedStorage.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.sprinkler.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sprinkler
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.waterChannel.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:waterChannel.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.waterChannelFull.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:waterChannelFull.name
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.waterPad.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Water Pad
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.waterPadFull.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Water Pad
fe.protection.break.AgriCraft.waterTank.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:waterTank.name
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShips.balloon.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Air Balloon
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShips.buffer.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Shore Buffer
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShips.crate_wood.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Crate
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShips.engine.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Steam Engine
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShips.floater.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Floater
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShips.gauge.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Measurement Gauges
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShips.marker.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ship's Helm
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShips.seat.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Passenger Seat
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Armor Stand
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Desk Bell
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Painting Press
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Printing Press
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Typesetting Table
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodClock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodcase.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWooddesk.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodrack.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodtable.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.break.BinnieCore.storage.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.storage.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.alchemyCatalyst.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.alfheimPortal.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.altGrass.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.altar.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Altar
fe.protection.break.Botania.avatar.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.bellows.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.bellows.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.bifrost.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.bifrostPerm.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.bifrostPermPane.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA0Slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA0Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA0Wall.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA10Slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA10Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA11Slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA11Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA12Slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA12Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA13Slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA13Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA14Slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA14Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA15Slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA15Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA1Slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA1Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA2Slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA2Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA3Slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA3Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA4Slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA4Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA5Slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA5Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA6Slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA6Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA7Slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA7Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA8Slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA8Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA9Slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA9Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB0Slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB0Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB1Slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB1Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB2Slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB2Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB3Slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB3Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB4Slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB4Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB5Slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB5Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB6Slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB6Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB7Slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB7Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.blazeBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.brewery.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.buriedPetals.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.cacophoniumBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.cellBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.cocoon.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.conjurationCatalyst.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.corporeaCrystalCube.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.corporeaFunnel.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.corporeaIndex.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.corporeaInterceptor.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.corporeaRetainer.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick0Slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick0SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick0Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick1Slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick1SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick1Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick2Slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick2SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick2Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick3Slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick3SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick3Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dirtPath.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.dirtPath.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dirtPath0Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.dirtPath0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dirtPath0SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.dirtPath0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.distributor.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.break.Botania.doubleFlower1.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.doubleFlower2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood0Wall.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood1Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood1SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood1Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.elfGlass.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.elfGlassPane.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.enchantedSoil.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.enchanter.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Enchanter
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick0Slab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick0Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick2Slab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick2Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.enderEyeBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.fakeAir.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.felPumpkin.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.floatingSpecialFlower.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.flower.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Flower
fe.protection.break.Botania.forestDrum.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.forestEye.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.gaiaHeadBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.gaiaHeadBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.ghostRail.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.hourglass.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.incensePlate.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.lightLauncher.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.lightRelay.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock0Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock0SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock0Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock0Wall.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock1Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock1SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock1Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood0Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood0SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood0Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood0Wall.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood1Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood1SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood1Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaBeacon.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaBeacon.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaBomb.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaDetector.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaFlame.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaGlass.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaGlassPane.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaVoid.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.miniIsland.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.mushroom.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.Botania.openCrate.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement0Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement0SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement0Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement1Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement1SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement1Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement2Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement2SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement2Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement3Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement3SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement3Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement4Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement4SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement4Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement5Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement5SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement5Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.petalBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pistonRelay.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.platform.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.platform.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pool.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pool.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prism.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.prism.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine0Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine0SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine0Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine0Wall.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine1Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine1SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine1Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine2Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine2SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine2Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pump.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pump.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pylon.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeFull.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabDarkFull.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabDarkHalf.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabElfFull.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabElfHalf.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderFull.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabManaFull.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabManaHalf.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabRedFull.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabRedHalf.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyFull.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsBlaze.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsDark.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsElf.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsLavender.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsMana.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsRed.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsSunny.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeBlaze.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeDark.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeElf.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeLavender.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeMana.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeRed.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeSunny.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.redStringComparator.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.redStringContainer.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.redStringDispenser.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.redStringFertilizer.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.redStringInterceptor.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.redStringRelay.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.reedBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.reedBlock0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.reedBlock0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.reedBlock0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.reedBlock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.reedBlock0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.reedBlock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.reedBlock0Wall.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.reedBlock0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.rfGenerator.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.root.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.root.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.runeAltar.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.seaLamp.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.seaLamp.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerrock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerrock0Slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerrock0SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerrock0Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shinyFlower.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.solidVine.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.sparkChanger.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.spawnerClaw.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.specialFlower.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.spreader.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.starfield.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Stone
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone0Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone0SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone0Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone0Wall.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone10Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone10Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone10SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone10Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone10Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone11Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone11Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone11SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone11Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone11Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone1Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone1SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone1Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone2Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone2SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone2Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone3Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone3SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone3Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone8Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone8Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone8SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone8Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone8Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone9Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone9Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone9SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone9Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone9Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.storage.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.storage.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.terraPlate.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.teruTeruBozu.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.thatch.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.thatch0Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.thatch0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.thatch0SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.thatch0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.thatch0Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.thatch0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.tinyPlanetBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.tinyPotato.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.turntable.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.unstableBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.unstableBlock.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Architect Table
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Builder
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Construction Mark
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Filler
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Frame
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Electronic Library
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Quarry
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.buildToolBlock.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Land Mark
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Path Mark
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fuel
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Oil
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockRedPlasma.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Auto Workbench
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Chute
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Flood Gate
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mining Well
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mining Pipe
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pump
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Refinery
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Tank
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Requester
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Zone Planner
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Infusing Laser
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Recipe Packager
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.pipeBlock.name
fe.protection.break.CCLights2.CCLBigMonitor.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK External Monitor
fe.protection.break.CCLights2.CCLGPU.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK GPU
fe.protection.break.CCLights2.CCLMonitor.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Monitor
fe.protection.break.CCLights2.CCLTTrans.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tablet Transmitter
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.CC-Cable.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Networking Cable
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.CC-Computer.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Computer
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.CC-Peripheral.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.computercraft:peripheral.name
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.CC-Turtle.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Turtle
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleAdvanced.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Turtle
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleExpanded.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Turtle
fe.protection.break.ComputerCraft.command_computer.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Command Computer
fe.protection.break.DimensionalControl.customPortal.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.customPortal.name
fe.protection.break.EnderZoo.blockConcussionCharge.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Concussion Charge
fe.protection.break.EnderZoo.blockConfusingCharge.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Confusing Charge
fe.protection.break.EnderZoo.blockEnderCharge.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ender Charge
fe.protection.break.ExtraBees.alveary.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.alveary.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraBees.ectoplasm.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ectoplasm
fe.protection.break.ExtraBees.hive.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.hive.name
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_baldcypress.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bald Cypress Quarter Log
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_fir.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fir Quarter Log
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_oak.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Oak Quarter Log
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_rainboweucalyptus.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Rainbow Eucalyptus Quarter Log
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_redwood.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Quarter Log
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.door_acacia.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Door
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.door_autumn.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Autumn Door
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.door_baldcypress.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Baldcypress Door
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.door_cypress.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cypress Door
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.door_fir.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Fir Door
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.door_japanesemaple.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Japanese Maple Door
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.door_rainboweucalyptus.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Rainbow Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.door_redwood.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Door
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.door_sakura.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Door
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.double_slabRedRock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrabiomes.redrockslab.name
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.double_woodslab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrabiomes.woodslab.name
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.double_woodslab2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrabiomes.woodslab.name
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.fence.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrabiomes.fence.name
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_acacia.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_autumn.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Autumn Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_baldcypress.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Baldcypress Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_cypress.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cypress Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_fir.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fir Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_japanesemaple.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Japanese Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_rainboweucalyptus.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Rainbow Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_redwood.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_sakura.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.flower1.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrabiomes.flower.name
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.flower2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrabiomes.flower.name
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.flower3.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrabiomes.flower.name
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.grass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrabiomes.tallgrass.name
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.leaf_pile.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Leaf Pile
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.leaves_1.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrabiomes.leaves.name
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.leaves_2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrabiomes.leaves.name
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.leaves_3.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrabiomes.leaves.name
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.leaves_4.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrabiomes.leaves.name
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.log1.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrabiomes.log.name
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.log2.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrabiomes.newlog.name
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.log_elbow_baldcypress.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bald Cypress Elbow Log
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.log_elbow_rainbow_eucalyptus.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Rainbow Eucalyptus Elbow Log
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.mini_log_1.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrabiomes.log.name
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.planks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrabiomes.planks.name
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.plants4.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cattail
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.quicksand.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Quicksand
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.redrockbrick.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Red Rock Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.saplings_1.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrabiomes.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.saplings_2.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrabiomes.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.slabRedRock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrabiomes.redrockslab.name
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.acacia.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.autumn.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Autumn Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.baldcypress.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Bald Cypress Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.cypress.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cypress Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.fir.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.japanesemaple.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Japanese Maple Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.rainboweucalyptus.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Rainbow Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.redwood.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.sakurablossom.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.stairsRedCobble.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Red Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.terrain_blocks1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrabiomes.redrock.name
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.terrain_blocks2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cracked Sand
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.tile.extrabiomes.crop.strawberry.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Strawberries
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.vines.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Gloriosa
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.wall.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrabiomes.wall.name
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.waterplant1.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrabiomes.waterplant.name
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.woodslab.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrabiomes.woodslab.name
fe.protection.break.ExtrabiomesXL.woodslab2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrabiomes.woodslab.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.alveary.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.apicultureChest.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.apicultureChest.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.beehives.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.candle.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.core.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.engine.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.factory.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.factory2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fences.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fencesFireproof.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fencesFireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ethanol
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Biomass
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Glass
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Honey
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Crushed Ice
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fruit Juice
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.mead.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Mead
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Milk
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Seed Oil
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Short Mead
fe.protection.break.Forestry.leaves.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.logs.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logs.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.logsFireproof.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logsFireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.mail.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.planks.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.planksFireproof.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.planksFireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.pods.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.resources.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.slabs.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.slabsDouble.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabsDouble.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.slabsDoubleFireproof.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabsDoubleFireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.slabsFireproof.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabsFireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.soil.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.stairs.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.stairsFireproof.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairsFireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.stump.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.break.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.break.ForgeRelocation.relocation.blockmovingrow.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.relocation.blockmovingrow.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.slabGCDouble.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabGCDouble.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.slabGCHalf.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabGCHalf.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockFrame.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Air Lock Frame
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockSeal.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Air Lock Seal
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.aluminumWire.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Aluminum Wire
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.arclamp.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Arc Lamp
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.breatheableAir.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.breatheableAir.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightAir.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.brightAir.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightBreathableAir.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.brightBreathableAir.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.cargo.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.cargo.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.cheeseBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Cheese
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.dish.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Communications Dish
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.distributor.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.dummyblock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.dummyblock.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.enclosed.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.enclosed.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.fallenMeteor.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fallen Meteor
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.fuelLoader.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fuel Loader
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.gcBlockCore.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.gcBlockCore.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.glowstoneTorch.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPad.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.landingPad.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPadFull.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Rocket Launch Pad
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.machine.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.machine2.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.machineTiered.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.machineTiered.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.moonBlock.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBricksStairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Moon Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonStoneStairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Moon Rock Stairs
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCollector.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Oxygen Collector
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCompressor.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oxygenCompressor.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenDetector.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Oxygen Detector
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenPipe.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Oxygen Pipe
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.parachest.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Parachest
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.refinery.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Refinery
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.rocketWorkbench.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK NASA Workbench
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.sealer.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Oxygen Sealer
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.solar.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.solar.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.spaceStationBase.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Space Station arrival block
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.spinThruster.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Spin Thruster
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.telemetry.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Telemetry Unit
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs1.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs2.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.treasureChest.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.viewScreen.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Display Screen
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftCore.tile.wallGC.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.wallGC.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.asteroidsBlock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.asteroidsBlock.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReceiver.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Energy Beam Receiver
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReflector.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Energy Beam Reflector
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.cavernVines.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.creeperEgg.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Creeper Egg
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.denseIce.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Dense Ice
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.hydrogenPipe.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Hydrogen Pipe
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.mars.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.mars.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsCobblestoneStairs.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Mars Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsDungeonBricksStairs.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Mars Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachine.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.marsMachine.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachineT2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.marsMachineT2.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBase.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBaseFull.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.minerBaseFull.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.slimelingEgg.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.slimelingEgg.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.sludge.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadFake.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.telepadFake.name
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadShort.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Short Range Telepad
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT2.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tier 2 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT3.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tier 3 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkway.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Walkway
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayOxygenPipe.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Walkway
fe.protection.break.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayWire.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Walkway
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft.grc.fenceRope.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Fence with Rope
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft.grc.netherBrickFenceRope.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fence with Rope (Nether Brick)
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft.grc.ropeBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Rope
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft.grccore.BlockFluidSaltWater.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Salt Water
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft.grccore.salt_block.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Salt Block
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Apple
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.0.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Apple Juice
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.1.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Apple Cider
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.2.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Apple Cider
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.3.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Apple Cider
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.4.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Silken Nectar
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.5.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Apple Cider
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.6.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Apple Cider
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleLeaves.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Apple Leaves
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleSapling.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Apple Sapling
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoor.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Door
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoubleSlab.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFence.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFenceGate.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFenceRope.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Fence with Rope
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooLeaves.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Leaves
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooScaffold.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Scaffold
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooShoot.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooSingleSlab.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStalk.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooWall.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Wall
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.name
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Botania.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.grc.BeeBox.Botania.name
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Fireproof.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Fireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Normal.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Normal.name
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Fireproof.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Fireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Normal.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Normal.name
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BlockFluidHoney.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Honey
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeBox.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.grc.BeeBox.Minecraft.name
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeHive.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Bee Hive
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.0.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mead Must
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mead
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mead
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.3.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mead
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.4.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mead
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.5.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mead
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.6.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mead
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.brewKettle.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Brew Kettle
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentBarrel.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fermentation Barrel
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentJar.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Culture Jar
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPress.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mechanical Press
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPresser.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Mechanical Press
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Fishtrap.grc.fishTrap.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fish Trap
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Grapes
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeLeaves.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Grape Leaves
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine0.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Grape Trunk
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Grape Trunk
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.0.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Grape Juice
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.1.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Grape Wine
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Grape Wine
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.3.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Grape Wine
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.4.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ambrosia
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.5.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Port Wine
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.6.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Grape Wine
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.7.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Grape Wine
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.0.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.3.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ale Wort
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.4.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.5.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.6.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.7.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.8.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopVine.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Hops
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.0.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lager
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lager
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lager
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.3.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lager
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.4.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lager
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.5.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lager
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.6.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lager
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidButterMilk.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Butter Milk
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidCream.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Cream
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidCurds.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Milk Curds
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidMilk.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Milk
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidPasteurizedMilk.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Pasteurized Milk
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidRennet.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Rennet
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidSkimMilk.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Skim Milk
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidWhey.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Whey
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.ButterChurn.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Butter Churn
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheeseBlock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cheese Block
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheesePress.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cheese Press
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheeseVat.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cheese Vat
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.HangingCurds.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Hanging Curds
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.0.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Kumis
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Kumis
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Kumis
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.3.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Kumis
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.4.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Kumis
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.5.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Vile Milk
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.Pancheon.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Pancheon
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.Thistle.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Thistle
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.paddyField.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Rice Paddy
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Rice
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.0.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sake Moromi
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.1.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sake
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sake
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.3.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sake
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.4.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Divine Sake
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.5.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sake
fe.protection.break.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.6.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sake
fe.protection.break.HardcoreQuesting.item_barrel.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Quest Delivery System
fe.protection.break.HardcoreQuesting.quest_portal.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.hqm:quest_portal.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreQuesting.quest_tracker.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Quest Tracking System
fe.protection.break.IC2.ChargePad-Classic.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.chargePad.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.Converter.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.LuminatorMultipartBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Luminator (Multi Part)
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.cableBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.constructionFoam.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Construction Foam
fe.protection.break.IC2.constructionFoamWall.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockWall.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.constructionFoamWallTextured.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockWallTextured.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.crop.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Crop
fe.protection.break.IC2.dynamiteStick.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.dynamiteStickWithRemote.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.industrialTNT.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Industrial TNT
fe.protection.break.IC2.ironFence.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Iron Fence
fe.protection.break.IC2.ironScaffold.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Iron Scaffold
fe.protection.break.IC2.luminator.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Luminator
fe.protection.break.IC2.miningPipe.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Mining Pipe
fe.protection.break.IC2.miningPipeTip.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mining Pipe
fe.protection.break.IC2.nuke.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Nuke
fe.protection.break.IC2.reactorChamber.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.reinforcedDoorBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockDoorAlloy.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.reinforcedGlass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Glass
fe.protection.break.IC2.reinforcedStone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.break.IC2.resinBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Resin Sheet
fe.protection.break.IC2.rubberLeaves.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.IC2.rubberSapling.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Rubber Tree Sapling
fe.protection.break.IC2.rubberTrampoline.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Rubber Sheet
fe.protection.break.IC2.rubberWood.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Rubber Wood
fe.protection.break.IC2.scaffold.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Scaffold
fe.protection.break.IC2.uraniumOre.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Uranium Ore
fe.protection.break.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlLight.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IC2NuclearControl.networkLink.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK ME Network Monitor
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmibisPeripherals.lanwire.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ImmibisPeripherals.peripherals.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.break.LogisticsPipes.logisticsPipeBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK LogisticsPipes Pipe Block
fe.protection.break.LogisticsPipes.logisticsSolidBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.MCFrames.mcframes.frame.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Frame
fe.protection.break.MCFrames.mcframes.motor.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.mcframes.motor.name
fe.protection.break.MagicBees.effectJar.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bee Collector's Jar
fe.protection.break.MagicBees.hive.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.hive.name
fe.protection.break.MagicBees.magicApiary.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Magic Apiary
fe.protection.break.MagicBees.magicbees.enchantedEarth.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Earth
fe.protection.break.MagicBees.manaAuraProvider.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Mana Apiary Booster
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Bounding Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cardboard Box
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.MachineBlock3.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Road
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Salt Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.biofuel.still.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK BioFuel
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.brick.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.decorative.brick.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.plastic.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Pipe
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.redstone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK RedNet Cable
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.chocolatemilk.still.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.conveyor.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.conveyor.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.detcord.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK DetCord
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.farmland.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Fertile Soil
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.laserair.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.laserair.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.0.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.machine.0.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.machine.1.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.machine.2.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.machineblock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.machineblock.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.still.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Meat
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.milk.still.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Milk
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.mobessence.still.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Essence
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.mushroomsoup.still.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.block.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Pink Slime Block
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.still.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Pink Slime
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Plastic
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.dropoff.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cargo Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.pickup.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cargo Pickup Rail
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.dropoff.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Passenger Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.pickup.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Passenger Pickup Rail
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.logic.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Programmable RedNet Controller
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.panel.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.rednet.panel.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.road.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.road.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.leaves.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Rubber Leaves
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.log.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Rubber Wood
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.sapling.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Rubber Sapling
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.sewage.still.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sewage
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.sludge.still.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sludge
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.block.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.stainedglass.block.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.pane.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.stainedglass.pane.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.steam.still.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Steam
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.stone.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.mfr.decorative.stone.name
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.tank.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Tank
fe.protection.break.MineFactoryReloaded.vinescaffold.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Vine Scaffolding
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.alien_dirt.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.alien_dirt.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.alien_farmland.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.alien_farmland.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.alien_fence.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Alien Fence
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.alien_fence_gate.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Alien Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.alien_glowstone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Alien Glowstone
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.alien_grass.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Alien Grass
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.alien_leaves.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.alien_leaves.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.alien_log.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Alien Wood
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.alien_planks.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Alien Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.alien_sapling.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Alien Sapling
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.alien_wood_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Alien Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.alphere_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Alphere Ore
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.ancient_dark_door_block.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.ancient_dark_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.ancient_dark_fence_gate.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Dark Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.ancient_dark_leaves.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.ancient_dark_leaves.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.ancient_dark_wood_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.blue_candy_torch.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Blue Candy Torch
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.cake_bread.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cake Bread
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.cake_farmland.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.cake_farmland.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.candy_cane1.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.candy_cane1.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.candy_cane2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.candy_cane2.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.candy_extractor_active.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.candy_extractor_active.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.candy_extractor_idle.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Candy Extractor
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.candy_flower.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.candy_flower.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.caramel_block.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Caramel Block
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.caramel_cup.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.caramel_cup.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.caramel_fluid.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.caramel_fluid.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.cavern_oyster_close.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cavern Oyster
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.cavern_oyster_open.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cavern Oyster
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.cheese_gas.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cheese Gas Block
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.cheese_glass.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cheese Glass
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.cheese_glass_pane.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cheese Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.cheese_of_milk_cake.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cheese of Milk Cake
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.cheese_of_milk_cup.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.cheese_of_milk_cup.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.cheese_of_milk_fluid.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cheese of Milk
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.cheese_sandstone_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cheese Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.cheese_slime_block.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cheese Slime Block
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.cheese_slime_egg.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cheese Slime Egg
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.cheese_web.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cheese Web
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.chiseled_quontonium_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Quontonium Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.chocolate_block.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Chocolate Block
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.chocolate_cake.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Chocolate Cake
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.chocolate_cake_bread.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Chocolate Cake Bread
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.chocolate_cream_layer.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Chocolate Cream
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.chondrite_block.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.chondrite_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.coconut_block.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Coconut Block
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.coconut_door_block.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.coconut_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.coconut_fence_gate.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Coconut Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.coconut_milk_cup.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.coconut_milk_cup.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.coconut_milk_fluid.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Coconut Milk
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.coconut_wood_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Coconut Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.cookie_block.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cookie Block
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.cream_block.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.cream_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.cream_head.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.cream_head.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.crystal_dirt.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.crystal_dirt.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.crystal_door_block.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.crystal_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.crystal_farmland.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.crystal_farmland.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.crystal_fence.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Fence
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.crystal_fence_gate.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.crystal_leaves.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Leaves
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.crystal_log.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.crystal_log.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.crystal_planks.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Wooden Planks
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.crystal_sapling.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Sapling
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.crystal_segment.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Segment
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.crystal_wood_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.cup_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.cup_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.dark_air.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.dark_air.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.dark_asteroid_block.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.dark_asteroid_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.dark_asteroid_quicksand.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dark Asteroid Quicksand
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.deimos_block.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.deimos_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.diona_ancient_chest.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Diona Ancient Chest
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.diona_block.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.diona_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.diona_cobblestone_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Diona Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.diona_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Diona Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.diona_treasure_chest.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Tier 4 Diona Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.dirty_water_fluid.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.dirty_water_fluid.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.double_europa_sandstone_slab.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_europa_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.double_fronos_sandstone_slab.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_fronos_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.double_venus_sandstone_slab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_venus_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.dungeon_brick_double_slab1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.dungeon_brick_double_slab1.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.dungeon_brick_double_slab2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.dungeon_brick_double_slab2.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.dungeon_brick_half_slab1.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.dungeon_brick_half_slab1.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.dungeon_brick_half_slab2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.dungeon_brick_half_slab2.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.eledos_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Eledos Egg
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.europa_door_block.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.europa_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.europa_fence.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Europa Fence
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.europa_fence_gate.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Europa Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.europa_geyser.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.europa_geyser.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.europa_ice.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.europa_ice.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.europa_ice_slush.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Europa Ice Slush
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.europa_leaves.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.europa_leaves.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.europa_log.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.europa_log.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.europa_planks.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Europa Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.europa_salt.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Europa Salt
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.europa_sand.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Europa Sand
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.europa_sandstone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.europa_sandstone.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.europa_sandstone_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Europa Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.europa_sapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Europa Sapling
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.europa_snow_block.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Europa Snow
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.europa_snow_layer.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Europa Snow
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.europa_water_bomb.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Europa Water Bomb
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.europa_water_fluid.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.europa_water_fluid.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.europa_wood_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Europa Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fallen_ice_crystal_meteor.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fallen Ice Crystal Meteor
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fallen_koentus_meteor.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fallen Koentus Meteor
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fallen_polongnius_meteor.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fallen Polongnius Meteor
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.flonium_torch.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Flonium Torch
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronisium_block.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Fronisium Block
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronisium_tnt.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Fronisium TNT
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_ancient_chest.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fronos Ancient Chest
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_block.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.fronos_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_block1.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.fronos_block1.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_cloud.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.fronos_cloud.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_cobblestone_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fronos Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_coral.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.fronos_coral.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_cracked_stone_brick_stairs.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Cracked Fronos Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_dandelion.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.fronos_dandelion.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_dirt.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.fronos_dirt.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Fronos Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_farmland.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.fronos_farmland.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_fence.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.fronos_fence.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_flower.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.fronos_flower.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_grass.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Fronos Grass
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_leaves.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.fronos_leaves.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_leaves2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.fronos_leaves2.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_log.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.fronos_log.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.fronos_ore.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_ore_block.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.fronos_ore_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_poppy.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.fronos_poppy.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_sand.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.fronos_sand.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_sandstone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.fronos_sandstone.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_sandstone_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fronos Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_sapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.fronos_sapling.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_stone_brick_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fronos Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_tallgrass.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.fronos_tallgrass.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_treasure_chest.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tier 7 Fronos Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.fronos_wooden_planks.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.fronos_wooden_planks.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.frosted_cake_block.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.frosted_cake_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.frozen_methane_block.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Frozen Methane Block
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.frozen_nitrogen_block.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Frozen Nitrogen Block
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.frozen_water_fluid.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Frozen Water
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.frozen_water_geyser.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Frozen Water Geyser
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.glass_gem_corn1.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.glass_gem_corn1.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.glass_gem_corn2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.glass_gem_corn2.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.glass_gem_corn3.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.glass_gem_corn3.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.glowing_ice_stone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.glowing_ice_stone.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.golden_grass.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Golden Grass
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.golden_wheat.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.golden_wheat.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.green_candy_torch.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Green Candy Torch
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.half_europa_sandstone_slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.half_europa_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.half_fronos_sandstone_slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.half_fronos_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.half_venus_sandstone_slab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.half_venus_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.helium_block.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Helium Block
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.huge_sky_mushroom.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.huge_sky_mushroom.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.ichorius_torch.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ichorius Torch
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.icy_poison_crystal.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Icy Poison Crystal
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.infected_cavernous_vine.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Infected Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.infected_dirt.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.infected_dirt.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.infected_grass.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Infected Grass
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.infected_vine.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Infected Vines
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.infected_worm_egg.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Infected Worm Egg Rock
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.infected_zombie_egg.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Infected Zombie Egg
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.io_black_lava.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.io_black_lava.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.io_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.io_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.io_lava.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.io_lava.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.io_magma_rock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.io_magma_rock.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.jelly_block.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.jelly_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.jelly_slime_egg.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.jelly_slime_egg.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_ancient_chest.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Kapteyn B Ancient Chest
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_ancient_chest_temp.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.kapteyn-b_ancient_chest_temp.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_block.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.kapteyn-b_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_cobblestone_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Kapteyn B Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Kapteyn B Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_ice.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.kapteyn-b_ice.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_treasure_chest.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tier 8 Kapteyn B Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.koentus_ancient_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Koentus Ancient Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.koentus_ancient_chest.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Koentus Ancient Chest
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.koentus_ancient_stone_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Koentus Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.koentus_block.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.koentus_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.koentus_cobblestone_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Koentus Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.koentus_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Koentus Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.koentus_ice.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.koentus_ice.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.koentus_treasure_chest.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tier 4 Koentus Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.lemon_cream_layer.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lemon Cream
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.light_blue_candy_torch.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Candy Torch
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.liquid_brown_sulfur.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.liquid_brown_sulfur.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.liquid_methane_fluid.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.liquid_methane_fluid.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.liquid_nitrogen_fluid.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.liquid_nitrogen_fluid.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.liquid_orange_sulfur.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.liquid_orange_sulfur.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.liquid_red_sulfur.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.liquid_red_sulfur.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.liquid_yellow_sulfur.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.liquid_yellow_sulfur.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.magma_rock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Magma Rock
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.maple_ivy.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Maple Ivy
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.mercury_ancient_chest.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Mercury Ancient Chest
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.mercury_block.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.mercury_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.mercury_cobblestone_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mercury Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.mercury_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Mercury Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.mercury_ice.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dirty Mercury Ice
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.mercury_treasure_chest.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mercury Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.metallic_rock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Metallic Rock
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.mineral_water_cup.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.mineral_water_cup.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.mineral_water_fluid.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Mineral Water
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.mineral_water_generator.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mineral Water Generator (WIP)
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.minion_creeper_egg.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Creeper Minion Egg
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.mossy_fronos_cobblestone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Fronos Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.mp_dungeon_brick_wall.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.mp_dungeon_brick_wall.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.mp_stone_double_slab1.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.mp_stone_double_slab1.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.mp_stone_double_slab2.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.mp_stone_double_slab2.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.mp_stone_half_slab1.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.mp_stone_half_slab1.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.mp_stone_half_slab2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.mp_stone_half_slab2.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.mp_wall.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.mp_wall.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.mp_wood_double_slab.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.mp_wood_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.mp_wood_half_slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.mp_wood_half_slab.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.nibiru_ancient_chest.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Nibiru Ancient Chest
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.nibiru_block.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.nibiru_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.nibiru_cobblestone_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Nibiru Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.nibiru_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Nibiru Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.nibiru_farmland.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.nibiru_farmland.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.nibiru_fence.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.nibiru_fence.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.nibiru_log.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.nibiru_log.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.nibiru_planks.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.nibiru_planks.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.nibiru_sapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.nibiru_sapling.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.nibiru_treasure_chest.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tier 6 Nibiru Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.null.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.oil_rock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.oil_rock.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.orange_candy_torch.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Orange Candy Torch
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.orange_cream_layer.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Orange Cream
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.orange_door_block.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.orange_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.orange_fence_gate.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Orange Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.orange_leaves.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.orange_leaves.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.orange_wood_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Orange Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.ovantine_block.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ovantine Block
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.ovantine_cup.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.ovantine_cup.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.ovantine_fluid.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ovantine
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.packed_europa_ice.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Packed Europa Ice
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.phobos_block.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.phobos_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.pink_cake.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pink Cake
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.pink_candy_torch.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pink Candy Torch
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.pink_grass.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pink Grass
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.plains_grass.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Plains Grass
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.pluto_ancient_chest.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Pluto Ancient Chest
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.pluto_block.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.pluto_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.pluto_cobblestone_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Pluto Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.pluto_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pluto Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.pluto_treasure_chest.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pluto Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.polongnius_ancient_chest.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Polongnius Ancient Chest
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.polongnius_block.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.polongnius_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.polongnius_cobblestone_stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Polongnius Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.polongnius_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Polongnius Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.polongnius_treasure_chest.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Tier 5 Polongnius Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.power_crystal_generator.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Power Crystal Generator
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.purple_candy_torch.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Purple Candy Torch
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.purple_grass.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Purple Grass
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.quontonium_brick_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Quontonium Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.red_candy_torch.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Red Candy Torch
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.red_maple_door_block.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.red_maple_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.red_maple_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.red_maple_wood_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Maple Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.rocky_soild_water.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Rocky Solid Water
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.sirius-b_ancient_chest.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sirius B Ancient Chest
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.sirius-b_cobblestone_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sirius B Carbon Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.sirius-b_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Sirius B Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.sirius-b_treasure_chest.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Tier 8 Sirius B Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.sirius_blaze_egg.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sirius Blaze Egg
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.sirius_block.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.sirius_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.sirius_fire.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.sirius_fire.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.sirius_glowstone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sirius Glowstone
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.sirius_lava.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.sirius_lava.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.sirius_obsidian.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sirius Obsidian
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.sirius_redstone_lamp.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Sirius Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.sirius_redstone_lamp_on.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.sirius_redstone_lamp_on.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.space_decoration_block.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.space_decoration_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.space_mossy_cobblestone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.space_mossy_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.space_oyster_close.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Space Oyster
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.space_oyster_open.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Space Oyster
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.space_potato_block.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.space_potato_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.space_shell.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.space_shell.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.strawberry_cream_layer.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Strawberry Cream
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.strawberry_crops.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.strawberry_crops.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.sulfur_torch.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sulfur Torch
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.tea_cream_layer.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Tea Cream
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.tea_cup.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.tea_cup.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.tea_fluid.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Tea
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.tinted_glass.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.tinted_glass.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.tinted_glass_pane.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.tinted_glass_pane.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.ultra_violet_solar_panel.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ultra Violet Solar Panel
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.uranium_bomb.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Uranium Bomb
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.uranium_waste.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.uranium_waste.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.vanilla_cream_layer.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Vanilla Cream
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.venus_ancient_chest.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Venus Ancient Chest
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.venus_block.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.venus_block.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.venus_cobblestone_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Venus Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.venus_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Venus Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.venus_magma_rock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Venus Magma Rock
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.venus_redstone_ore.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Venus Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.venus_redstone_ore_active.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.venus_redstone_ore_active.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.venus_sand.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Venus Sand
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.venus_sandstone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.venus_sandstone.name
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.venus_sandstone_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Venus Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.venus_smoke_geyser.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Venus Smoke Geyser
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.venus_treasure_chest.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Tier 3 Venus Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.venusian_blaze_egg.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Venusian Blaze Egg
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.white_cake.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK White Cream Cake
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.white_cake_bread.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK White Cream Cake Bread
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.white_crystal_torch.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK White Crystal Torch
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.white_sandstone_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK White Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.xeonium_glowstone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Xeonium Glowstone
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.xeonium_torch.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Xeonium Torch
fe.protection.break.MorePlanet.yellow_candy_torch.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Candy Torch
fe.protection.break.NetherOres.netherOresBlockHellfish.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.netherores.hellfish.name
fe.protection.break.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.0.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.netherores.ore.0.name
fe.protection.break.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.1.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.netherores.ore.1.name
fe.protection.break.OCS.basicProximitySensor.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Proximity Sensor
fe.protection.break.OCS.gauge.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Gauge
fe.protection.break.OCS.sensor.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sensor
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Auto Anvil
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bear Trap
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Big Button
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block Placer
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block Breaker
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Item Cannon
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Canvas
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Glass Canvas
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Donation Station
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Drawing Table
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Elevator
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fan
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Flag
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Golden Egg
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Grave
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Building Guide
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Healer
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Item Dropper
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Paint Can
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Paint Mixer
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Path
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Height Map Projector
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Rope Ladder
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Scaffolding
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Sky Block
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sponge
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sprinkler
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Tank
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Target
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Trophy
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Village Highlighter
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK XP Bottler
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK XP Drain
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK XP Shower
fe.protection.break.OpenPeripheral.glassesbridge.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Terminal Glasses Bridge
fe.protection.break.OpenPeripheral.peripheralproxy.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Peripheral Proxy
fe.protection.break.OpenPeripheral.pim.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK PIM
fe.protection.break.OpenPeripheral.selector.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Item Selector
fe.protection.break.OpenPeripheral.sensor.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Sensor
fe.protection.break.OpenPeripheral.ticketmachine.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ticket Machine
fe.protection.break.PeripheralsPlusPlus.aiChatBox.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK AI Chat Box
fe.protection.break.PeripheralsPlusPlus.antenna.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Antenna
fe.protection.break.PeripheralsPlusPlus.beeAnalyzer.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bee Analyzer
fe.protection.break.PeripheralsPlusPlus.butterflyAnalyzer.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Butterfly Analyzer
fe.protection.break.PeripheralsPlusPlus.chatBox.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Chat Box
fe.protection.break.PeripheralsPlusPlus.dummyBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.peripheralsplusplus:dummyBlock.name
fe.protection.break.PeripheralsPlusPlus.environmentScanner.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Environment Scanner
fe.protection.break.PeripheralsPlusPlus.interactiveSorter.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Interactive Sorter
fe.protection.break.PeripheralsPlusPlus.meBridge.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK ME Bridge
fe.protection.break.PeripheralsPlusPlus.noteBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Iron Note Block
fe.protection.break.PeripheralsPlusPlus.oreDictionary.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ore Dictionary
fe.protection.break.PeripheralsPlusPlus.peripheralContainer.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Peripheral Container
fe.protection.break.PeripheralsPlusPlus.playerInterface.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Player Interface
fe.protection.break.PeripheralsPlusPlus.playerSensor.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Player Sensor
fe.protection.break.PeripheralsPlusPlus.resupplyStation.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Resupply Station
fe.protection.break.PeripheralsPlusPlus.rfCharger.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Turtle Charger (RF)
fe.protection.break.PeripheralsPlusPlus.speaker.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Speaker
fe.protection.break.PeripheralsPlusPlus.teleporter.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Turtle Teleporter
fe.protection.break.PeripheralsPlusPlus.teleporterT2.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Turtle Teleporter
fe.protection.break.PeripheralsPlusPlus.timeSensor.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Time Sensor
fe.protection.break.PeripheralsPlusPlus.treeAnalyzer.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tree Analyzer
fe.protection.break.PeripheralsPlusPlus.turtle.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Turtle
fe.protection.break.PortalGun.Portal_BlockMulti.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Portal Multiblock - Don't use this
fe.protection.break.PortalGun.Portal_BlockPortal.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Portal Half - Don't use this
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine1.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine2.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.airousLight.*                # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.illumination.airousLight.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lamp.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.alchemical_chest.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Alchemical Chest
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.collector_mk1.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Energy Collector MK1
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.collector_mk2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Energy Collector MK2
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.collector_mk3.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Energy Collector MK3
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.condenser_mk1.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Energy Condenser
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.condenser_mk2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Energy Condenser MK2
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.dm_furnace.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.dm_furnace_lit.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.dm_pedestal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Dark Matter Pedestal
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.fuel_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pe_fuel_block.name
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.interdiction_torch.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.matter_block.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pe_matter_block.name
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.nova_cataclysm.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Nova Cataclysm
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.nova_catalyst.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Nova Catalyst
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.relay_mk1.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Anti-Matter Relay MK1
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.relay_mk2.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Anti-Matter Relay MK2
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.relay_mk3.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Anti-Matter Relay MK3
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.rm_furnace.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.rm_furnace_lit.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.break.ProjectE.transmutation_table.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Transmutation Table
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.cube.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.detector.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Creosote
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Steam
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.frame.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.glass.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.ore.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.post.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.residual.heat.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Residual Heat
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.signal.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.slab.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.stair.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.track.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Elevator Track
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.advancedFluidDisplay.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Fluid Display
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.advancedItemCollector.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Item Collector
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.bloodMoonSensor.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Bloodmoon Sensor
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.dyeingMachine.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dyeing Machine
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.enderEnergyDistributor.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ender Energy Distributor
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.energyDistributor.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Energy Distributor
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.fluidDisplay.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Display
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Imbuing Station
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.itemCollector.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Item Collector
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.notificationInterface.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Notification Interface
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Online Detector
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Player Interface
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Spectre Block
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.spectreGlass.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Spectre Glass
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.wirelessLever.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wireless Lever
fe.protection.break.StevesAddons.cable_ae.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Energistics Connector
fe.protection.break.StevesAddons.cable_rf.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK RF Node
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBUDName.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block Detector
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBreakerName.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Block Gate
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCamouflageName.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableClusterName.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCreativeName.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Creative Supplier
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableInputName.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableIntakeName.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableName.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Inventory Cable
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableOutputName.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableRelayName.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableSignName.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sign Updater
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockMachineManagerName.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.compDrawers.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.controller.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Drawer Controller
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.controllerSlave.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Controller Slave
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.framingTable.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Framing Table
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullCustom1.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Framed Drawer
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullCustom2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullCustom4.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers4.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.halfCustom2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.halfCustom4.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers4.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.trim.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.trim.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.trimCustom.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Framed Trim
fe.protection.break.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_0.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_16.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_32.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_48.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_64.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirForce.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Glass
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Workbench.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.workbench.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidAerotheum.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Resonant Ender
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Primal Mana
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidPetrotheum.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tectonic Petrotheum
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Steam
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraPillar.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraSlab.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Aurora Slab
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.CastleBrick.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.CastleDoor.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.CastleDoorVanished.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.CastleMagic.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.CinderFurnaceIdle.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.CinderFurnaceLit.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.CinderLog.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.CinderLog.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.DarkLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.FluffyCloud.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.ForceField.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.ForceField.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.GiantCobble.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLeaves.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Giant Leaves
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLog.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Giant Log
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.GiantObsidian.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.HugeGloomBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.HugeLilyPad.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.HugeStalk.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Huge Stalk
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.HugeWaterLily.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.KnightmetalBlock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.Slider.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.Slider.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFAuroraBrick.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Aurora Block
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFBossSpawner.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFBossSpawner.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFBurntThorns.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFCicada.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cicada
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFDeadrock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFDeadrock.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireJet.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFFireJet.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFFirefly.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Firefly
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireflyJar.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Firefly Jar
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFHedge.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFHedge.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves3.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFLeaves3.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFLog.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFLog.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLeaves.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFMagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLog.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFMagicLog.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMazestone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFMazestone.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMoonworm.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Moonworm
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFNagastone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFNagastone.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlank.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFPlank.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlant.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFPlant.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFPortal.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFRoots.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFRoots.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFSapling.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFShield.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFShield.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFThornRose.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Thorn Rose
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFThorns.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFThorns.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerDevice.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFTowerDevice.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerStone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFTowerStone.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerTranslucent.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFTowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophy.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Forest Trophy
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophyPedestal.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFTrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFUncraftingTable.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFUnderBrick.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFUnderBrick.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TrollBer.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Trollber
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TrollSteinn.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Trollsteinn
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TrollVidr.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Trollvidr
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.UberousSoil.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Uberous Soil
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.UnripeTrollBer.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.WispyCloud.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.break.VeganOption.basin.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Basin
fe.protection.break.VeganOption.bedStraw.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Straw Bed
fe.protection.break.VeganOption.compost.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Compost
fe.protection.break.VeganOption.composter.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Composter
fe.protection.break.VeganOption.encrustedObsidian.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Encrusted Obsidian
fe.protection.break.VeganOption.enderRift.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ender Rift
fe.protection.break.VeganOption.fluidOilVegetable.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Vegetable Oil
fe.protection.break.VeganOption.fluidSoapSolution.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Soap Solution
fe.protection.break.VeganOption.inkBlack.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Black Vegetable Oil Ink
fe.protection.break.VeganOption.inkWhite.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK White Vegetable Oil Ink
fe.protection.break.VeganOption.juteBundled.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bundled Jute
fe.protection.break.VeganOption.jutePlant.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Jute
fe.protection.break.VeganOption.kapok.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Kapok Block
fe.protection.break.VeganOption.lyeWater.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Wood Ash Lye
fe.protection.break.VeganOption.plantMilk.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Plant Milk
fe.protection.break.VeganOption.rawEnder.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Raw Ender
fe.protection.break.Ztones.auroraBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Aurora
fe.protection.break.Ztones.booster.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Booster
fe.protection.break.Ztones.cleanDirt.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Garden Soil
fe.protection.break.Ztones.lampb.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Flat Lamp
fe.protection.break.Ztones.lampf.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Flat Lamp
fe.protection.break.Ztones.lampt.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Flat Lamp
fe.protection.break.Ztones.stoneTile.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ztone Tile
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.agonBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.agonBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.azurBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.azurBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.bittBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.bittBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.crayBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.crayBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.fortBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.fortBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.glaxx.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.glaxx.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.iszmBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.iszmBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.jeltBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.jeltBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.korpBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.korpBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.krypBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.krypBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.lairBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.lairBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.laveBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.laveBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.mintBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.mintBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.mystBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.mystBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.redsBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.redsBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.reedBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.roenBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.roenBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.solsBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.solsBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.syncBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.syncBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.tankBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Tank
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.vectBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.vectBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.venaBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.venaBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zaneBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.zaneBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zechBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.zechBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zestBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.zestBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zetaBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.zetaBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zionBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.zionBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zkulBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.zkulBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zoeaBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.zoeaBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zomeBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.zomeBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zoneBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.zoneBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zorgBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.zorgBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.ztylBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ztylBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Ztones.tile.zythBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.zythBlock.name
fe.protection.break.additionalpipes.chunkLoader.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Teleport Tether
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aechor_sprout.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Aechor Sprout
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aercloud.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.aercloud.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_3.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_4.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_5.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_6.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_7.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aerogel.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Aerogel
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aerogel_double_slab.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Aerogel Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aerogel_slab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.aerogel_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aerogel_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Aerogel Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aerogel_wall.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Aerogel Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aether_dirt.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Aether Dirt
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aether_enchantment_table.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Aether Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aether_farmland.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Aether Farmland
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aether_grass.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Aether Grass Block
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aether_portal.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Aether Portal
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aether_tallgrass.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Aether Grass
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aether_tnt.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Aether TNT
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aether_tulips.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Aether Tulips
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aetheral_ambrosium_ore.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ambrosium Ore
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aetheral_arkenium_ore.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Arkenium Ore
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aetheral_continuum_ore.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Continuum Ore
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aetheral_gravitite_ore.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Gravitite Ore
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Aetheralstone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_bricks.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Aetheral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_bricks_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Aetheral Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_double_slab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Aetheralstone Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_slab.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.aetheral_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Aetheralstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_wall.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Aetheralstone Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.aetheral_zanite_ore.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Zanite Ore
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.agiosite.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Agiosite
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.agiosite_ambrosium_ore.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ambrosium Ore
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.agiosite_arkenium_ore.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Arkenium Ore
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.agiosite_brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Agiosite Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.agiosite_bricks.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Agiosite Bricks
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.agiosite_continuum_ore.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Continuum Ore
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.agiosite_double_slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Agiosite Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.agiosite_gravitite_ore.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Gravitite Ore
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.agiosite_slab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.agiosite_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.agiosite_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Agiosite Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.agiosite_wall.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Agiosite Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.agiosite_zanite_ore.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Zanite Ore
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.ambrosium_block.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ambrosium Block
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.ambrosium_ore.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ambrosium Ore
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.ambrosium_torch.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ambrosium Torch
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.amplifier.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Amplifier
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Carved Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone_double_slab.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.ancient_carved_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone_slab.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.ancient_carved_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone_stairs.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.ancient_carved_stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone_wall.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Carved Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.ancient_enchanter.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Enchanter
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.ancient_sentry_stone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Sentry Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.angelic_double_slab.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Angelic Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.angelic_slab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.angelic_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.angelic_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Angelic Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.angelic_stone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Angelic Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.angelic_trap.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Angelic Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.angelic_wall.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Angelic Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.arctic_grass.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Arctic Grass Block
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.arkenium_block.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Arkenium Block
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.arkenium_ore.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Arkenium Ore
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.auralite_cluster_1.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Auralite Bud
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.auralite_cluster_2.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Auralite Cluster
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.auralite_pillar.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Auralite Pillar
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.azure_holystone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Azure Holystone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.berry_bush.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mature Berry Bush
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.berry_bush_stem.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Large Berry Bush
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.block_of_auralite.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block Of Auralite
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.bloodmoss_stone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Bloodmoss Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.blue_light_skyroot_leaves.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Wisproot Leaves
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.blue_skyroot_leaves.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Blue Skyroot Leaves
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.blue_skyroot_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blue Skyroot Sapling
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.blue_swingtip.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Blue Swingtip
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.budding_auralite.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Budding Auralite
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.burstblossom.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Bust Blossom
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Caelestia Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone_double_slab.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Caelestia Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone_slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.caelestia_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Caelestia Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone_wall.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Caelestia Stone Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.carrion_flower.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Carrion Flower
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Carved Caelestia Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone_double_slab.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Carved Caelestia Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone_slab.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.carved_caelestia_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone_stairs.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Carved Caelestia Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone_wall.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Carved Caelestia Stone Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.carved_double_slab.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Carved Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.carved_slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.carved_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.carved_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Carved Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.carved_stone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Carved Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.carved_trap.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Carved Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.carved_wall.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Carved Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.cer_scales_block.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Elysian Dragon Scale Block
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.chest_mimic.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Chest Mimic
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.coldfire.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cold Fire
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.continuum_block.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Continuum Block
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.continuum_ore.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Continuum Ore
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.cracked_oblitus_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cracked Oblitus Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.creeping_stone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Creeping Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.crystal_fruit_leaves.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Fruit Leaves
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.crystal_leaves.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Leaves
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.crystal_sapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Sapling
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.dark_blue_skyroot_leaves.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dark Blue Skyroot Leaves
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.dark_blue_skyroot_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dark Blue Skyroot Sapling
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.decorated_holiday_leaves.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Decorated Holiday Leaves
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.deific.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Deific
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.deific_ambrosium_ore.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ambrosium Ore
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.deific_arkenium_ore.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Arkenium Ore
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.deific_brick_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Deific Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.deific_bricks.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Deific Bricks
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.deific_continuum_ore.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Continuum Ore
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.deific_double_slab.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Deific Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.deific_gravitite_ore.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Gravitite Ore
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.deific_slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.deific_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.deific_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Deific Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.deific_wall.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Deific Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.deific_zanite_ore.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Zanite Ore
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Divine Angelic Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone_double_slab.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Divine Angelic Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone_slab.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.divine_angelic_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone_stairs.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Divine Angelic Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone_wall.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Divine Angelic Stone Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_trap.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Divine Angelic Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Divine Carved Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone_double_slab.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Divine Carved Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone_slab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.divine_carved_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone_stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Divine Carved Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone_wall.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Divine Carved Stone Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.divine_carved_trap.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Divine Carved Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.divine_enchantment_table.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Divine Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.divine_grass.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Divine Grass Block
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Divine Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone_double_slab.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Divine Hellfire Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone_slab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.divine_hellfire_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Divine Hellfire Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone_wall.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Divine Hellfire Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.divine_light_angelic_stone.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Divine Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.divine_light_hellfire_stone.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Divine Light Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.divine_sentry_stone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Divine Sentry Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.divineral_block.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Block Of Divineral
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_aether_farmland.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Aether Farmland
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_aether_grass.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Aether Grass Block
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_aether_tallgrass.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Aether Grass
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_aether_tulips.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Aether Tulips
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Aetheralstone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_bricks.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Aetheral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_double_slab.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Aetheralstone Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_slab.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.enchanted_aetheral_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_stairs.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Aetheralstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_wall.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Aetheralstone Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Agiosite
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_brick_double_slab.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Agiosite Brick Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_brick_slab.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.enchanted_agiosite_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_brick_stairs.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Agiosite Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_brick_wall.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Agiosite Brick Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_bricks.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Agiosite Bricks
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_double_slab.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Agiosite Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.enchanted_agiosite_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Agiosite Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_wall.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Agiosite Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Deific
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_bricks.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Deific Bricks
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_double_slab.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Deific Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.enchanted_deific_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Deific Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_wall.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Deific Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_gravitite.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Gravitite
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Holystone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_bricks.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Holystone Bricks
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_double_slab.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Holystone Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_slab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.enchanted_holystone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Holystone Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_wall.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Holystone Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanted_quickshoot.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Quickshoot
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.enchanter.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Enchanter
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.ethereal_torch.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Torch
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.freezer.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Freezer
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.frozen_quicksoil.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Frozen Quicksoil
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.frozen_quicksoil_glass.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Frozen Quicksoil Glass
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.fuse_double_slab.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fuse Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.fuse_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.fuse_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.fuse_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Fuse Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.fuse_stone.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Fuse Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.fuse_trap.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Fuse Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.fuse_trap_2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Creeping Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.fuse_wall.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Fuse Stone Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.gale_double_slab.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Gale Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.gale_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.gale_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.gale_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Gale Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.gale_stone.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Gale Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.gale_trap.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Gale Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.gale_wall.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Gale Stone Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.genesis_double_slab.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Genesis Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.genesis_slab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.genesis_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.genesis_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Genesis Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.genesis_stone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Genesis Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.genesis_trap.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Genesis Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.genesis_wall.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Genesis Stone Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.glowing_icestone.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Glowing Icestone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.golden_oak_bookshelf.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Golden Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.golden_oak_double_slab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Golden Oak Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.golden_oak_fence.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Golden Oak Fence
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.golden_oak_fruit_leaves.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Golden Oak Fruit Leaves
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.golden_oak_gate.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Golden Oak Gate
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.golden_oak_leaves.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Golden Oak Leaves
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.golden_oak_log.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Golden Oak Wood
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.golden_oak_log_wall.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Golden Oak Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.golden_oak_planks.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Golden Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.golden_oak_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Golden Oak Sapling
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.golden_oak_slab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.golden_oak_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.golden_oak_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Golden Oak Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.golden_oak_trapdoor.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Golden Oak Wood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.grape_tree_mature.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Mature Grape Tree
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.grape_tree_stage_one.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Grape Tree Stem
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.grape_tree_stage_two.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Grape Tree Stem
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.gravitite_ore.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Gravitite Ore
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.greatroot_double_slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.greatroot_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.greatroot_fence.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Greatroot Fence
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.greatroot_fence_gate.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Greatroot Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.greatroot_log.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Greatroot Wood
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.greatroot_log_wall.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Greatroot Log Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.greatroot_planks.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Greatroot Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.greatroot_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Greatroot Sapling
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.greatroot_slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.greatroot_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.greatroot_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Greatroot Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.greatroot_trapdoor.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Greatroot Wood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.green_aercloud.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Green Aercloud
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.green_light_skyroot_leaves.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Greatroot Leaves
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.hellfire.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Hell Fire
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.hellfire_double_slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Hellfire Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.hellfire_slab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.hellfire_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.hellfire_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Hellfire Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.hellfire_stone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.hellfire_torch.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Hellfire Torch
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.hellfire_trap.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.hellfire_wall.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Hellfire Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.holiday_leaves.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Holiday Leaves
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.holiday_sapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Holiday Sapling
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.holystone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Holystone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.holystone_brick.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Holystone Brick
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.holystone_brick_double_slab.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Holystone Brick Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.holystone_brick_slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.holystone_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.holystone_brick_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Holystone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.holystone_brick_wall.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Holystone Brick Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.holystone_double_slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Holystone Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.holystone_lever.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Holystone Lever
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.holystone_slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.holystone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.holystone_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Holystone Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.holystone_wall.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Holystone Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.icestone.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Icestone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.incubator.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Incubator
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.inebriation_aercloud.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Inebriation Aercloud
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.large_orange_tree.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Large Orange Tree
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.light_angelic_stone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.light_gale_stone.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Light Gale Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.light_genesis_stone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Light Genesis Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.light_hellfire_stone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Light Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.locked_ancient_carved_stone.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Carved Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.locked_ancient_sentry_stone.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Sentry Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.locked_angelic_stone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Angelic Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.locked_carved_stone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carved Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.locked_creeping_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Locked Creeping Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.locked_divine_angelic_stone.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Locked Divine Angelic Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.locked_divine_carved_stone.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Divine Carved Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.locked_divine_hellfire_stone.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Locked Divine Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.locked_divine_light_angelic_stone.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Locked Divine Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.locked_divine_light_hellfire_stone.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Locked Divine Light Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.locked_divine_sentry_stone.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Divine Sentry Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.locked_fuse_stone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Locked Fuse Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.locked_gale_stone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Gale Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.locked_genesis_stone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Genesis Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.locked_hellfire_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.locked_light_angelic_stone.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.locked_light_gale_stone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Light Gale Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.locked_light_genesis_stone.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Light Genesis Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.locked_light_hellfire_stone.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Light Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.locked_mythic_angelic_stone.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Mythic Angelic Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.locked_mythic_carved_stone.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Mythic Carved Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.locked_mythic_light_angelic_stone.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Mythic Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.locked_mythic_sentry_stone.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Mythic Sentry Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.locked_sentry_stone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sentry Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.luminous_stone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Luminous Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.mature_orange_tree.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Mature Orange Tree
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.medium_blueberry_bush.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Medium Blueberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.medium_orange_tree.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Medium Orange Tree
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.medium_raspberry_bush.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Medium Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.medium_strawberry_bush.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Medium Strawberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.moonlit_bloom.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Moonlit Bloom
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Holystone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone_double_slab.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Holystone Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone_slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.mossy_holystone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Holystone Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone_wall.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Holystone Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mythic Angelic Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone_double_slab.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Mythic Angelic Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone_slab.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.mythic_angelic_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone_stairs.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Mythic Angelic Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone_wall.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Mythic Angelic Stone Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mythic Carved Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone_double_slab.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Mythic Carved Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone_slab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.mythic_carved_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone_stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Mythic Carved Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone_wall.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Mythic Carved Stone Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.mythic_light_angelic_stone.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Mythic Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.mythic_sentry_stone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mythic Sentry Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.neverbloom.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Neverbloom
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.notch_holystone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Notched Holystone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.oblitus_stone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Oblitus Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.pillar.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pillar
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.pillar_top.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Pillar Top
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.pink_aercloud.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pink Aercloud
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.present.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Present
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.primeval_artifact.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Primeval Artifact
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.protector_block.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Protector Block
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.purple_aercloud.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Purple Aercloud
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.purple_flower.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Purple Flower
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.purple_skyroot_fruit_leaves.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Purple Skyroot Fruit Leaves
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.purple_skyroot_leaves.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Purple Skyroot Leaves
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.purple_skyroot_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Purple Skyroot Sapling
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.quickshoot.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Quickshoot
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.quicksoil.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Quicksoil
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.quicksoil_glass.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Quicksoil Glass
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.raspberry_bush.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Mature Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.raspberry_bush_stem.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Large Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.reinforced_arkenium_block.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Block of Arkenium
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.sentry_stone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sentry Stone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.skyroot_bed.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Skyroot Bed
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.skyroot_bookshelf.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Skyroot Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.skyroot_chest.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Skyroot Chest
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.skyroot_double_slab.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Skyroot Double Slab
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.skyroot_fence.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Skyroot Fence
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.skyroot_fence_gate.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Skyroot Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.skyroot_ladder.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Skyroot Ladder
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.skyroot_leaves.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Skyroot Leaves
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.skyroot_log.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Skyroot Wood
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.skyroot_log_wall.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Skyroot Log Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.skyroot_planks.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Skyroot Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.skyroot_sapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Skyroot Sapling
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.skyroot_slab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.skyroot_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.skyroot_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Skyroot Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.skyroot_trapdoor.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Skyroot Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.skyroot_workbench.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Skyroot Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.small_blueberry_bush.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Small Blueberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.small_orange_tree.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Small Orange Tree
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.small_raspberry_bush.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Small Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.small_strawberry_bush.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Small Strawberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.songstone_side.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Songstone
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.storm_aercloud.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Storm Aercloud
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.strawberry_bush.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Mature Strawberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.strawberry_bush_stem.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Large Straberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.sun_altar.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sun Altar
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.treasure_chest.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.verdant_grass.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Verdant Grass Block
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.void_double_slab.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.void_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.void_fence.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Void Wood Fence
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.void_fence_gate.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Void Wood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.void_fruit_leaves.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Void Fruit Leaves
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.void_leaves.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Void Leaves
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.void_log.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Void Wood
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.void_log_wall.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Void Log Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.void_planks.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Void Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.void_sapling.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Void Sapling
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.void_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.void_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.void_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Void Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.void_trapdoor.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Void Wood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.white_flower.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK White Flower
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.white_rose.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK White Rose
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.wisproot_double_slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.wisproot_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.wisproot_fence.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Wisproot Fence
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.wisproot_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Wisproot Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.wisproot_log.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wisproot Wood
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.wisproot_log_wall.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Wisproot Log Wall
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.wisproot_planks.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wisproot Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.wisproot_sapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wisproot Sapling
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.wisproot_slab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.wisproot_slab.name
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.wisproot_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wisproot Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.wisproot_trapdoor.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Wisproot Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.zanite_block.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Zanite Block
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.zanite_ore.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Zanite Ore
fe.protection.break.aether_legacy.zanite_trapdoor.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Zanite Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Cell Workbench
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Charger
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK ME Chest
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Matter Condenser
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                # (default: true) BREAK ME Controller
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                           # (default: true) BREAK 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Unit
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCrank.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Crank
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK ME Drive
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockGrinder.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK ME IO Port
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Inscriber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK ME Interface
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Matrix Frame
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                        # (default: true) BREAK ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                               # (default: true) BREAK ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Glass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Tiny TNT
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.Aum.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Aum
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.CraftingAltar.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Altar
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.InscriptionTable.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Inscription Table
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.ParticleEmitter.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Particle Emitter
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.SpellRune.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Spell Rune
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.Summoner.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Summoner
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.TarmaRoot.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Tarma Root
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.VinteumTorch.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Vinteum Torch
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.WitchwoodLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Witchwood Leaves
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.WitchwoodLog.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Witchwood Log
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.arcaneDeconstructor.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Deconstructor
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.armorInfuser.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Armor Imbuement Table
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.astralBarrier.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Astral Barrier
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.blackAurem.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Black Aurem
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.blockArcaneReconstructor.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Reconstructor
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.blockLectern.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lectern
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.blueOrchid.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cerublossom
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.brokenLinkBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Broken Power Link
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.calefactor.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Calefactor
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.candle.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Placed Warding Candle
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.celestialPrism.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Celestial Prism
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.crystalMarker.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.arsmagica2:crystalMarker.name
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.desertNova.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Desert Nova
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.elementalAttuner.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Flicker Habitat
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.essenceConduit.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Etherium Conduit
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.essenceRefiner.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Essence Refiner
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.everstone.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Everstone
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.flickerLure.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Flicker Lure
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.goldInlay.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Gold Inlay
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.illusionBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.arsmagica2:illusionBlock.name
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.inertSpawner.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Inert Spawner
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.invisibleUtility.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.arsmagica2:invisibleUtility.name
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.ironInlay.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Iron Inlay
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.keystoneChest.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Keystone Chest
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.keystoneDoor.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Keystone Door
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.keystoneReceptacle.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.keystoneTrapDoor.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Keystone Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.liquidEssence.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Etherium
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.mageTorch.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mage Light
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.magicWall.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Magic Wall
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.magiciansWorkbench.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Magician's Workbench
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.manaBattery.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Mana Battery
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.obelisk.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Obelisk
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.occulus.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Occulus
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.otherworldAura.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Otherworld Aura
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.planksWitchwood.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Witchwood Planks
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.redstoneInlay.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Inlay
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.saplingWitchwood.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Witchwood Sapling
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.seerStone.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Seer Stone
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.slipstreamGenerator.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Slipstream Generator
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.spellSealedDoor.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Spell-Sealed Door
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.stairsWitchwood.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Witchwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.vinteumOre.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.arsmagica2:ores.name
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.wakebloom.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Wakebloom
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.witchwoodDoubleSlab.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.arsmagica2:witchwoodDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.witchwoodSingleSlab.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.arsmagica2:witchwoodSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.break.arsmagica2.wizardChalk.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Wizard's Chalk Rune
fe.protection.break.backpacks16840.backpack_block.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Backpack
fe.protection.break.backpacks16840.backpack_block164.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.backpack_block164.name
fe.protection.break.backpacks16840.quantum_chest.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Quantum Chest
fe.protection.break.backpacks16840.quantum_chest164.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Quantum Chest (Imported from 1.6.4)
fe.protection.break.chancecubes.Chance_Cube.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Chance Cube
fe.protection.break.chancecubes.Chance_Icosahedron.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Chance Icosahedron
fe.protection.break.chancecubes.Compact_Giant_Chance_Cube.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Compact Giant Chance Cube
fe.protection.break.chancecubes.Cube_Dispenser.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Chance Cube Dispenser
fe.protection.break.chancecubes.Giant_Chance_Cube.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Giant Chance Cube
fe.protection.break.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.break.chisel.andesite.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Andesite
fe.protection.break.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Anti Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Auto Chisel
fe.protection.break.chisel.beacon.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Beacon
fe.protection.break.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Brick Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Block of Bronze
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Floor Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.cloud.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cloud
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.copperblock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Block of Copper
fe.protection.break.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.diorite.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Diorite
fe.protection.break.chisel.dirt.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.end_Stone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fantasy Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.futura.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Futura Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Futura Circuit
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glowstone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.gold2.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.chisel.gold_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Gold Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.granite.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Granite
fe.protection.break.chisel.grimstone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Grimstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.break.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Hex Plating
fe.protection.break.chisel.holystone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Holystone
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ice Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron2.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Iron Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.lavastone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lavastone
fe.protection.break.chisel.leadblock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Lead
fe.protection.break.chisel.leaves.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Limestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Marble Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Marble Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.nation.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.chisel.netherrack.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.obsidian.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.paperwall.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Paperwall
fe.protection.break.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Paperwall Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.present.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Present
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.purpur.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.rebel.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Rebellious Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.road_line.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Road Lines
fe.protection.break.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.break.chisel.silverblock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Block of Silver
fe.protection.break.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.steelblock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Steel
fe.protection.break.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical3.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical4.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.templeblock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Temple Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.tinblock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Tin
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch1.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch10.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch3.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch4.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch5.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch6.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch7.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch8.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch9.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.tyrian.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Tyrian
fe.protection.break.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Uranium
fe.protection.break.chisel.valentines.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Valentines Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.warningSign.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Warning Sign
fe.protection.break.chisel.waterstone.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Waterstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Woolen Clay
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.audioCable.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Audio Cable
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.camera.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Camera
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.chatBox.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Chat Box
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.cipher.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Cipher Block
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.colorfulLamp.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.detector.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Detector - Digital
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.digitalControllerBox.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Digital Signal Controller Box
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.digitalReceiverBox.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Digital Signal Receiver Box
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.ironNoteBlock.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Iron Note Block
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.locomotiveRelay.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.radar.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Radar
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.speaker.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Speaker
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.speechBox.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Speech Box
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.tapeReader.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Tape Drive
fe.protection.break.computronics.computronics.ticketMachine.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ticket Machine
fe.protection.break.cookingbook.cookingoven.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cooking Oven
fe.protection.break.cookingbook.cookingtable.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Cooking Table
fe.protection.break.cookingbook.fridge.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fridge
fe.protection.break.cookingbook.sink.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sink
fe.protection.break.cookingbook.toaster.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.cookingbook:toaster.name
fe.protection.break.cookingbook.toolrack.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Tool Rack
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcBanner.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Banner
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcBarrel.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Barrel
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcBeam.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Beam
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcBigSign.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Big Sign
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcBloodBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Blood Block
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcBook.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Book
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcBorder.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Border
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcCampfire.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Campfire
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcCampfireUnlit.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Campfire
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcCandle.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Candle
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcCandleUnlit.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Lamp
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcCarpentyBench.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Carpentry Bench
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcChair.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Chair
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcCouchWood.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Couch
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcCouchWool.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Wool Couch
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcCrate.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Crate
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcCrystalBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Crystal
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcLamp.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lamp
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcLampUnlit.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Candle
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcMailbox.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mailbox
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcPedestal.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Pedestal
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcPlaceholder.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.npcPlaceholder.name
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcRedstoneBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Block
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcShelf.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Shelf
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcSign.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcStool.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stool
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcTable.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Table
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcTallLamp.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Tall Lamp
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcTombstone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tombstone
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcWallBanner.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Wall Banner
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcWaypoint.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Location Quest Block
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcWeaponRack.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Weapon Rack
fe.protection.break.deepresonance.blockResonating.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Resonating Plate Block
fe.protection.break.deepresonance.crystalizerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Crystalizer
fe.protection.break.deepresonance.denseGlass.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Dense Glass
fe.protection.break.deepresonance.denseObsidian.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dense Obsidian
fe.protection.break.deepresonance.energyCollectorBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Energy Collector
fe.protection.break.deepresonance.generatorBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Generator
fe.protection.break.deepresonance.generatorControllerBlock.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Generator Controller
fe.protection.break.deepresonance.laserBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Infusing Laser
fe.protection.break.deepresonance.lensBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lens
fe.protection.break.deepresonance.machineFrame.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Machine Frame
fe.protection.break.deepresonance.oreResonating.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Resonating Ore
fe.protection.break.deepresonance.pedestalBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pedestal
fe.protection.break.deepresonance.poisonedDirt.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Poisoned Dirt
fe.protection.break.deepresonance.purifierBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Purifier
fe.protection.break.deepresonance.resonatingCrystalBlock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Resonating Crystal
fe.protection.break.deepresonance.smelterBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Smelter
fe.protection.break.deepresonance.tankBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tank
fe.protection.break.deepresonance.valveBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Valve
fe.protection.break.denseores.block0.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.denseores:block0.name
fe.protection.break.denseores.block1.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.denseores:block1.name
fe.protection.break.dimdoors.Dimensional_Door.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Door
fe.protection.break.dimdoors.Fabric_of_Reality.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Fabric of Reality
fe.protection.break.dimdoors.Fabric_of_RealityPerm.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Eternal Fabric
fe.protection.break.dimdoors.Golden_Dimensional_Door.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Golden Dimensional Door
fe.protection.break.dimdoors.Golden_Door.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Golden Door
fe.protection.break.dimdoors.Personal_Dimensional_Door.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Personal Dimensional Door
fe.protection.break.dimdoors.Quartz_Door.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Door
fe.protection.break.dimdoors.Rift.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Rift
fe.protection.break.dimdoors.Transdimensional_Trapdoor.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Transdimensional Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.dimdoors.Unraveled_Fabric.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Unraveled Fabric
fe.protection.break.dimdoors.Unstable_Door.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Unstable Door
fe.protection.break.dimdoors.Warp_Door.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Warp Door
fe.protection.break.dimdoors.transientDoor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Transient Door
fe.protection.break.fossil.AnubiteStatue.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Anubite Statue
fe.protection.break.fossil.amberOre.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Amber Ore
fe.protection.break.fossil.analyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Analyzer
fe.protection.break.fossil.analyzerActive.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Analyzer
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientChest.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientGlass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Glass
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientStone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientStoneSlab.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientStoneSlabDouble.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.ancientStoneSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientStoneStairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientStonebrick.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone Brick
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientWood.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Wood
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientWoodPillar.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Wood Pillar
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientWoodPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Wooden Plate
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientWoodSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Wood Slab
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientWoodSlabDouble.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.ancientWoodSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.break.fossil.ancientWoodStairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Wooden Stairs
fe.protection.break.fossil.anu_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Anu Statue
fe.protection.break.fossil.anu_portal.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Portal to the Lair of Darkness
fe.protection.break.fossil.bubbleMachine.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Bubble Blower
fe.protection.break.fossil.cultureVat.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Culture Vat
fe.protection.break.fossil.cultureVatActive.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Culture Vat
fe.protection.break.fossil.denseSand.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dense Sand
fe.protection.break.fossil.feederActive.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Feeder
fe.protection.break.fossil.feederIdle.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Feeder
fe.protection.break.fossil.fernBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Fern
fe.protection.break.fossil.figurine.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Figurine
fe.protection.break.fossil.fossil.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Fossil
fe.protection.break.fossil.fossil_drum.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Drum
fe.protection.break.fossil.fossilworkbench.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Archeology Workbench
fe.protection.break.fossil.home_portal.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Overworld Portal
fe.protection.break.fossil.icedStone.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Iced Stone
fe.protection.break.fossil.obsidianSpikes.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian Spikes
fe.protection.break.fossil.palaeorapheLeaves.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Palaeoraphe Leaves
fe.protection.break.fossil.palaeorapheLog.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Palaeoraphe Log
fe.protection.break.fossil.palaeoraphePlanks.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Palaeoraphe Planks
fe.protection.break.fossil.palaeorapheSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Palaeoraphe Sapling
fe.protection.break.fossil.palaeorapheSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Palaeoraphe Slab
fe.protection.break.fossil.palaeorapheSlabDouble.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Palaeoraphe Slab
fe.protection.break.fossil.palaeorapheStairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Palaeoraphe Stairs
fe.protection.break.fossil.permafrost.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Permafrost
fe.protection.break.fossil.plant_bennettitales_large.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tall Bennettitales
fe.protection.break.fossil.plant_bennettitales_small.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Bennettitales
fe.protection.break.fossil.plant_cephalotaxus.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cephalotaxus
fe.protection.break.fossil.plant_crataegus.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Crataegus
fe.protection.break.fossil.plant_dillhoffia.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dillhoffia
fe.protection.break.fossil.plant_ephedra.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ephedra
fe.protection.break.fossil.plant_florissantia.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Florissantia
fe.protection.break.fossil.plant_horsetail_large.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Tall Horsetail
fe.protection.break.fossil.plant_horsetail_small.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Horsetail
fe.protection.break.fossil.plant_licopodiophyta.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lycopodiophyta
fe.protection.break.fossil.plant_mutant.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Failure Plant
fe.protection.break.fossil.plant_osmunda.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Osmunda
fe.protection.break.fossil.plant_paleopanax.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Foozia
fe.protection.break.fossil.plant_sarracina.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sarracenia 
fe.protection.break.fossil.plant_tempskya.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Tempskya
fe.protection.break.fossil.plant_vaccinium.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Vaccinium
fe.protection.break.fossil.plant_welwitschia.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Welwitschia
fe.protection.break.fossil.plant_zamites.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Zamites
fe.protection.break.fossil.sarcophagus.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mysterious Sarcophagus
fe.protection.break.fossil.sifter.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Sifter
fe.protection.break.fossil.sifterActive.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sifter
fe.protection.break.fossil.skullBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Skull
fe.protection.break.fossil.skullLantern.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Skull Lantern
fe.protection.break.fossil.slimeTrail.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Failuresaurus Trail
fe.protection.break.fossil.strongGlass.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Glass
fe.protection.break.fossil.tar.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Tar
fe.protection.break.fossil.timeMachine.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Time Machine
fe.protection.break.fossil.vaseAmphora.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.vaseAmphora.name
fe.protection.break.fossil.vaseKylix.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.vaseKylix.name
fe.protection.break.fossil.vaseVolute.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.vaseVolute.name
fe.protection.break.fossil.volcanicAsh.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Volcanic Ash
fe.protection.break.fossil.volcanicBrick.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Volcanic Brick
fe.protection.break.fossil.volcanicRock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Volcanic Rock
fe.protection.break.fossil.volcanicSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Volcanic Slab
fe.protection.break.fossil.volcanicSlabDouble.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Volcanic Slab
fe.protection.break.fossil.volcanicStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Volcanic Stairs
fe.protection.break.fossil.workbenchActive.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Archeology Workbench
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK DNA Extractor
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.break.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.break.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mutatron
fe.protection.break.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.break.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Liquid DNA
fe.protection.break.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Mutagen
fe.protection.break.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Protein
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Animal Trap
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Apiary
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Beehive
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Berry Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.churn.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Churn
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cutting Board
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Desert Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fish Trap
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Gourd Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Grass Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ground Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Herb Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Leafy Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.market.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Market
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.oven.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Oven
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Almond
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Apple
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Apricot
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Avocado
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Banana
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cashew
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cherry
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Chestnut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Coconut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Date
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dragonfruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Durian
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fig
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Goosberry
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Grapefruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Lemon
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Lime
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mango
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Maple Wood
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Nutmeg
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Olive
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Orange
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Papaya
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Peach
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pear
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pecan
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Peppercorn
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Persimmon
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Pistachio
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Plum
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pomegranate
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Starfruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Walnut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Almond Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Apple Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Banana Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Barley Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Bean Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Beet Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK White Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Purple Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Blue Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Brown Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Green Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Red Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Black Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Orange Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lime Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pink Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Carrot Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Celery Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Corn Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cotton Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Date Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Durian Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Fig Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Garlic Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ginger Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Grape Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Holiday Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Lamington
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Leek Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lime Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Mango Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Maple Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Oats Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Okra Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Olive Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Onion Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Orange Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pavlova
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Peach Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Peanut Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pear Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Peas Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Plum Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Radish Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Rice Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Rye Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Scallion Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Soybean Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Spinach Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Tomato Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Turnip Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pot.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pot
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Presser
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.quern.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Quern
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.salt.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Salt Ore
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.sink.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.sink.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Stalk Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Textile Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Tropical Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Water Garden
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.aeDecoration.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.immersiveintegration:aeDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.extendablePost.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Extendable Wooden Post
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.extendedPost.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Post Extension
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.inductionCharger.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.immersiveintegration:inductionCharger.name
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.industrialCokeOven.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Coke Oven
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.itemRobin.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Item Robin
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.meDenseTransformer.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK ME Dense Transformer
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.meDenseWireConnector.*                               # (default: true) BREAK ME Dense Wire Connector
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.meTransformer.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK ME Transformer
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.meWireConnector.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK ME Wire Connector
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.redstoneWireConnector.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Wire Connector
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.steelDecoration.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.immersiveintegration:steelDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.steelTrapdoor.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Activator Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.air.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.air.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.anvil.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Anvil
fe.protection.break.minecraft.beacon.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Beacon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bed.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Bed
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Bedrock
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cactus.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cake.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cake
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carpet.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carrots.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carrots
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cauldron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chest.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.clay.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Coal Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cocoa
fe.protection.break.minecraft.command_block.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dead Bush
fe.protection.break.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Detector Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Diamond
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dirt.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Dispenser
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Dragon Egg
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dropper.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Dropper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Emerald
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK End Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ender Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.farmland.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Farmland
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fire.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.furnace.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Gold Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Booster Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.grass.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grass Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gravel.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Gravel
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hay Bale
fe.protection.break.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hopper.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Hopper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ice.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Iron Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Iron Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jukebox
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ladder.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ladder
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lava.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lever.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log2.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Melon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Monster Spawner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mycelium
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Nether Wart
fe.protection.break.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Note Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.planks.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Planks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.portal.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Potatoes
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.diode.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.rail.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Dust
fe.protection.break.minecraft.reeds.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Sugar cane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sand.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Sand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sapling.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.skull.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.skull.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Soul Sand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sponge.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sponge
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sticky Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Grass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tnt.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK TNT
fe.protection.break.minecraft.torch.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Trapped Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.diode.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.vine.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Vines
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.water.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.minecraft.web.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cobweb
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wheat.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Crops
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wool.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.break.mod_Invasion.blockNexus.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Nexus
fe.protection.break.necromancy.Altar_Building_Block.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.Altar Building Block.name
fe.protection.break.necromancy.FlowingBlood.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Flowing Blood
fe.protection.break.necromancy.Sewing_Machine.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Sewing Machine
fe.protection.break.necromancy.Summoning_Altar.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Summoning Altar
fe.protection.break.necromancy.skullWall.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.skullWall.name
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.CamoDummy.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.CamoDummy.name
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.CamoGate.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Secret Gate
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.GhostBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ghost Block
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.OneWayGlass.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK One-Way Glass
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretCamoButton.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.SecretButton.name
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretCamoLever.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Secret lever
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretCamoRedstone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Secret Redstone
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretChest.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Secret Chest
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretHeavyPlate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Secret Weighted Plate (heavy)
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretIronDoorBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Secret Iron Door
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretLightDetector.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Secret Light Detector
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretLightPlate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Secret Weighted Plate (light)
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretPlayerPlate.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Secret Player Plate
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretPressurePlate.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Secret Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretStair.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Secret Stairs
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretTrapDoor.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Secret TrapDoor
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretTrappedChest.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Secret Trapped Chest
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SecretWoodenDoorBlock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Secret Wooden Door
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.SolidAir.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Solid Air
fe.protection.break.secretroomsmod.TorchLever.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch Lever
fe.protection.break.telepads.telepad.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK TelePad
fe.protection.break.vending.vendingMachine.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Vending Block
fe.protection.break.vending.vendingMachineAdvanced.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Vending Block
fe.protection.break.vending.vendingMachineMultiple.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Multiple Vending Block
fe.protection.break.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.break.witchery.alluringskull.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Alluring Skull
fe.protection.break.witchery.altar.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Altar
fe.protection.break.witchery.artichoke.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Water Artichoke
fe.protection.break.witchery.barrier.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Barrier
fe.protection.break.witchery.beartrap.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Beartrap
fe.protection.break.witchery.belladonna.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Belladonna
fe.protection.break.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Blood Crucible
fe.protection.break.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.break.witchery.bloodrose.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blood Poppy
fe.protection.break.witchery.bramble.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.brazier.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Brazier
fe.protection.break.witchery.brew.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.brewgas.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.brewliquid.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.cactus.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.witchery.candelabra.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Candelabra
fe.protection.break.witchery.cauldron.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.break.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.witchery.chalice.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Chalice
fe.protection.break.witchery.circle.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Heart Glyph
fe.protection.break.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.break.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.break.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.break.witchery.clever.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.witchery.coffinblock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Coffin
fe.protection.break.witchery.crittersnare.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Critter Snare
fe.protection.break.witchery.crystalball.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Ball
fe.protection.break.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Door
fe.protection.break.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sun Collector
fe.protection.break.witchery.decursedirected.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.break.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.break.witchery.demonheart.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Demon Heart
fe.protection.break.witchery.disease.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Disease
fe.protection.break.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Distillery
fe.protection.break.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Distillery
fe.protection.break.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dream Weaver
fe.protection.break.witchery.embermoss.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ember Moss
fe.protection.break.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.break.witchery.force.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Solid
fe.protection.break.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fume Funnel
fe.protection.break.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Garlic Garland
fe.protection.break.witchery.garlicplant.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Garlic
fe.protection.break.witchery.glintweed.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Glint Weed
fe.protection.break.witchery.glowglobe.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Glow Globe
fe.protection.break.witchery.grassper.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Grassper
fe.protection.break.witchery.hollowtears.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.break.witchery.icedoor.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ice Door
fe.protection.break.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.icefence.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ice Fence
fe.protection.break.witchery.icefencegate.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ice Gate
fe.protection.break.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.iceslab.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ice Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.icestairs.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.icestockade.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.infinityegg.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Infinity Egg
fe.protection.break.witchery.kettle.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Kettle
fe.protection.break.witchery.leapinglily.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Leaping Lily
fe.protection.break.witchery.leechchest.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Leech Chest
fe.protection.break.witchery.light.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.lilypad.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.lilypad.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.mandrake.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mandrake
fe.protection.break.witchery.mindrake.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Minedrake
fe.protection.break.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mirror
fe.protection.break.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mirror
fe.protection.break.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Mirror Surface
fe.protection.break.witchery.perpetualice.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.break.witchery.pitdirt.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.witchery.pitgrass.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Grass
fe.protection.break.witchery.placeditem.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.plantmine.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.break.witchery.refillingchest.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Chest
fe.protection.break.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.break.witchery.scarecrow.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Scarecrow
fe.protection.break.witchery.shadedglass.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.silvervat.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Silver Vat
fe.protection.break.witchery.slurp.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowbell.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Snowbell
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowslab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Snow Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowstairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Snow Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.somniancotton.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.break.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Spanish Moss
fe.protection.break.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.break.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.break.witchery.spiritportal.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Spirit Portal
fe.protection.break.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Alder Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.break.witchery.statueofworship.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.break.witchery.stockade.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.tormentportal.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Torment Portal
fe.protection.break.witchery.tormentstone.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Torment Stone
fe.protection.break.witchery.trent.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Trent Effigy
fe.protection.break.witchery.vine.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Vine
fe.protection.break.witchery.voidbramble.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Void Bramble
fe.protection.break.witchery.wallgen.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.web.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Web
fe.protection.break.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Witches Oven
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Witches Oven
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchleaves.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchlog.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchsapling.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchsladder.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchwood.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Wood Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wolf Altar
fe.protection.break.witchery.wolfhead.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Wolf Head
fe.protection.break.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wolfsbane
fe.protection.break.witchery.wolftrap.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Wolftrap
fe.protection.break.witchery.wormwood.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Wormwood
fe.protection.explode.*                                                                       # (default: true) (global) Allows blocks to explode
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.channelValve.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:channelValve.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropAllium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Allium
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropAum.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Aum
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropAurigold.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurigold
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBlack.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Black Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBlue.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Blue Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBrown.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Brown Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaCyan.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Cyan Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaGray.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Gray Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaGreen.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Green Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLightBlue.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Light Blue Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLightGray.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Light Gray Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLime.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Lime Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaMagenta.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Magenta Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaOrange.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Orange Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaPink.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Pink Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaPurple.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Purple Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaRed.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Red Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaWhite.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical White Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaYellow.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Yellow Flower
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropCactus.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropCarrot.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrot
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropCerublossom.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:cropCerublossom.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropCuprosia.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cuprosia
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropDaisy.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Daisy
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropDandelion.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dandelion
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropDesertNova.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:cropDesertNova.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropDiamahlia.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamahlia
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropEmeryllis.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Emeryllis
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropFerranium.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ferranium
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropJaslumine.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Jaslumine
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropLapender.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapender
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropNiccissus.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Niccissus
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropNitorWart.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Nitor Wart
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropOrchid.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Orchid
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropOsmonium.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Osmonium
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropPetinia.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Petinia
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropPlatiolus.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Platiolus
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropPlombean.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Plombean
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropPoppy.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Poppy
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropPotato.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Potato
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropQuartzanthemum.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartzanthemum
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropRedstodendron.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstodendron
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropShroomBrown.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropShroomRed.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropSilverweed.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverweed
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropSugarcane.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sugarcane
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropTarmaRoot.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:cropTarmaRoot.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropTulipOrange.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Tulip
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropTulipPink.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Tulip
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropTulipRed.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Tulip
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropTulipWhite.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE White Tulip
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.cropWakebloom.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:cropWakebloom.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.crops.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Crop Sticks
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.fence.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:fence.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.fenceGate.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:fenceGate.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.grate.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:grate.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.peripheral.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Controlled Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.seedAnalyzer.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.seedStorage.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:seedStorage.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.sprinkler.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sprinkler
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.waterChannel.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:waterChannel.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.waterChannelFull.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:waterChannelFull.name
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.waterPad.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Pad
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.waterPadFull.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Pad
fe.protection.explode.AgriCraft.waterTank.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:waterTank.name
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShips.balloon.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Air Balloon
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShips.buffer.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Shore Buffer
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShips.crate_wood.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Crate
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShips.engine.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam Engine
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShips.floater.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Floater
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShips.gauge.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Measurement Gauges
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShips.marker.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ship's Helm
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShips.seat.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Passenger Seat
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Armor Stand
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Desk Bell
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Painting Press
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Printing Press
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodClock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodcase.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWooddesk.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodrack.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodtable.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.explode.BinnieCore.storage.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.alchemyCatalyst.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.alfheimPortal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.altGrass.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.altar.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Altar
fe.protection.explode.Botania.avatar.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.bellows.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bellows.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.bifrost.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.bifrostPerm.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.bifrostPermPane.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA0Slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA0Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA0Wall.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA10Slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA10Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA11Slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA11Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA12Slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA12Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA13Slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA13Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA14Slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA14Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA15Slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA15Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA1Slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA1Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA2Slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA2Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA3Slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA3Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA4Slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA4Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA5Slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA5Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA6Slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA6Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA7Slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA7Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA8Slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA8Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA9Slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA9Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB0Slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB0Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB1Slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB1Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB2Slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB2Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB3Slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB3Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB4Slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB4Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB5Slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB5Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB6Slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB6Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB7Slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB7Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.blazeBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.brewery.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.buriedPetals.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.cacophoniumBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.cellBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.cocoon.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.conjurationCatalyst.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.corporeaCrystalCube.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.corporeaFunnel.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.corporeaIndex.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.corporeaInterceptor.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.corporeaRetainer.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick0Slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick0SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick0Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick1Slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick1SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick1Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick2Slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick2SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick2Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick3Slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick3SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick3Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dirtPath.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dirtPath.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dirtPath0Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dirtPath0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dirtPath0SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dirtPath0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.distributor.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.explode.Botania.doubleFlower1.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.doubleFlower2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood0Slab.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood0SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood0Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood0Wall.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood1Slab.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood1SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood1Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.elfGlass.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.elfGlassPane.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.enchantedSoil.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.enchanter.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanter
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick0Slab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick0Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick2Slab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick2Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.enderEyeBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.fakeAir.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.felPumpkin.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.floatingSpecialFlower.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.flower.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Flower
fe.protection.explode.Botania.forestDrum.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.forestEye.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.gaiaHeadBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gaiaHeadBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.ghostRail.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.hourglass.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.incensePlate.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.lightLauncher.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.lightRelay.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock0Slab.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock0SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock0Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock0Wall.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock1Slab.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock1SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock1Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood0Slab.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood0SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood0Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood0Wall.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood1Slab.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood1SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood1Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaBeacon.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaBeacon.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaBomb.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaDetector.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaFlame.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaGlass.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaGlassPane.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaVoid.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.miniIsland.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.mushroom.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.Botania.openCrate.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement0Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement0SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement0Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement1Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement1SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement1Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement2Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement2SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement2Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement3Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement3SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement3Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement4Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement4SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement4Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement5Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement5SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement5Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.petalBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pistonRelay.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.platform.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.platform.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pool.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pool.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prism.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prism.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine0Slab.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine0SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine0Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine0Wall.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine1Slab.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine1SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine1Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine2Slab.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine2SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine2Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pump.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pump.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pylon.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeFull.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabDarkFull.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabDarkHalf.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabElfFull.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabElfHalf.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderFull.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabManaFull.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabManaHalf.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabRedFull.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabRedHalf.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyFull.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsBlaze.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsDark.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsElf.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsLavender.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsMana.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsRed.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsSunny.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeBlaze.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeDark.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeElf.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeLavender.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeMana.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeRed.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeSunny.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.redStringComparator.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.redStringContainer.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.redStringDispenser.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.redStringFertilizer.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.redStringInterceptor.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.redStringRelay.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.reedBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.reedBlock0Slab.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reedBlock0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.reedBlock0SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reedBlock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.reedBlock0Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reedBlock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.reedBlock0Wall.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reedBlock0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.rfGenerator.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.root.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.root.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.runeAltar.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.seaLamp.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.seaLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerrock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerrock0Slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerrock0SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerrock0Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shinyFlower.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.solidVine.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.sparkChanger.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.spawnerClaw.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.specialFlower.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.spreader.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.starfield.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone0Wall.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone10Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone10Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone10SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone10Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone10Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone11Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone11Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone11SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone11Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone11Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone1Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone1SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone1Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone2Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone2SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone2Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone3Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone3SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone3Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone8Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone8Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone8SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone8Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone8Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone9Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone9Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone9SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone9Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone9Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.storage.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.terraPlate.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.teruTeruBozu.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.thatch.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.thatch0Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thatch0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.thatch0SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thatch0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.thatch0Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thatch0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.tinyPlanetBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.tinyPotato.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.turntable.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.unstableBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unstableBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Architect Table
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Builder
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Construction Mark
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Filler
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Frame
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Electronic Library
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Quarry
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.buildToolBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Land Mark
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Path Mark
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fuel
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Oil
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockRedPlasma.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Workbench
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Chute
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Flood Gate
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mining Well
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pump
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Refinery
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Tank
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Requester
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Zone Planner
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Infusing Laser
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Recipe Packager
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pipeBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.CCLights2.CCLBigMonitor.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE External Monitor
fe.protection.explode.CCLights2.CCLGPU.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE GPU
fe.protection.explode.CCLights2.CCLMonitor.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Monitor
fe.protection.explode.CCLights2.CCLTTrans.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tablet Transmitter
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraft.CC-Cable.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Networking Cable
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraft.CC-Computer.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraft.CC-Peripheral.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.computercraft:peripheral.name
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraft.CC-Turtle.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Turtle
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleAdvanced.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Turtle
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleExpanded.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Turtle
fe.protection.explode.ComputerCraft.command_computer.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Command Computer
fe.protection.explode.DimensionalControl.customPortal.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customPortal.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderZoo.blockConcussionCharge.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Concussion Charge
fe.protection.explode.EnderZoo.blockConfusingCharge.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Confusing Charge
fe.protection.explode.EnderZoo.blockEnderCharge.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Charge
fe.protection.explode.ExtraBees.alveary.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.alveary.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraBees.ectoplasm.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ectoplasm
fe.protection.explode.ExtraBees.hive.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_baldcypress.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bald Cypress Quarter Log
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_fir.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fir Quarter Log
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_oak.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Quarter Log
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_rainboweucalyptus.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Rainbow Eucalyptus Quarter Log
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_redwood.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Quarter Log
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.door_acacia.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Door
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.door_autumn.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Autumn Door
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.door_baldcypress.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Baldcypress Door
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.door_cypress.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cypress Door
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.door_fir.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Fir Door
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.door_japanesemaple.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Japanese Maple Door
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.door_rainboweucalyptus.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Rainbow Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.door_redwood.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Door
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.door_sakura.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Door
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.double_slabRedRock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrabiomes.redrockslab.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.double_woodslab.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrabiomes.woodslab.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.double_woodslab2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrabiomes.woodslab.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.fence.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrabiomes.fence.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_acacia.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_autumn.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Autumn Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_baldcypress.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Baldcypress Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_cypress.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cypress Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_fir.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fir Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_japanesemaple.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Japanese Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_rainboweucalyptus.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Rainbow Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_redwood.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_sakura.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.flower1.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrabiomes.flower.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.flower2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrabiomes.flower.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.flower3.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrabiomes.flower.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.grass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrabiomes.tallgrass.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.leaf_pile.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaf Pile
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.leaves_1.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrabiomes.leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.leaves_2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrabiomes.leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.leaves_3.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrabiomes.leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.leaves_4.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrabiomes.leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.log1.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrabiomes.log.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.log2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrabiomes.newlog.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.log_elbow_baldcypress.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bald Cypress Elbow Log
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.log_elbow_rainbow_eucalyptus.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Rainbow Eucalyptus Elbow Log
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.mini_log_1.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrabiomes.log.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.planks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrabiomes.planks.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.plants4.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cattail
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.quicksand.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Quicksand
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.redrockbrick.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Rock Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.saplings_1.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrabiomes.sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.saplings_2.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrabiomes.sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.slabRedRock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrabiomes.redrockslab.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.acacia.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.autumn.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Autumn Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.baldcypress.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Bald Cypress Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.cypress.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cypress Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.fir.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.japanesemaple.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Japanese Maple Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.rainboweucalyptus.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Rainbow Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.redwood.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.sakurablossom.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.stairsRedCobble.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.terrain_blocks1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrabiomes.redrock.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.terrain_blocks2.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cracked Sand
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.tile.extrabiomes.crop.strawberry.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Strawberries
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.vines.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Gloriosa
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.wall.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrabiomes.wall.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.waterplant1.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrabiomes.waterplant.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.woodslab.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrabiomes.woodslab.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtrabiomesXL.woodslab2.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrabiomes.woodslab.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.alveary.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.apicultureChest.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.apicultureChest.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.beehives.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.candle.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.core.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.engine.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.factory.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.factory2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fences.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fencesFireproof.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fencesFireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethanol
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Biomass
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Glass
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Honey
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Crushed Ice
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fruit Juice
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.mead.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Milk
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Seed Oil
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Short Mead
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.leaves.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.logs.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logs.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.logsFireproof.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logsFireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.mail.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.planks.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.planksFireproof.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.planksFireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.pods.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.resources.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.slabs.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.slabsDouble.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabsDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.slabsDoubleFireproof.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabsDoubleFireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.slabsFireproof.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabsFireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.soil.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.stairs.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.stairsFireproof.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairsFireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.stump.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.explode.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.explode.ForgeRelocation.relocation.blockmovingrow.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.relocation.blockmovingrow.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.slabGCDouble.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabGCDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.slabGCHalf.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabGCHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockFrame.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Air Lock Frame
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockSeal.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Air Lock Seal
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.aluminumWire.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Aluminum Wire
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.arclamp.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Arc Lamp
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.breatheableAir.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.breatheableAir.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightAir.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brightAir.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightBreathableAir.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brightBreathableAir.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.cargo.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cargo.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.cheeseBlock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Cheese
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.dish.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Communications Dish
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.distributor.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.dummyblock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dummyblock.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.enclosed.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enclosed.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.fallenMeteor.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fallen Meteor
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.fuelLoader.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fuel Loader
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.gcBlockCore.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gcBlockCore.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.glowstoneTorch.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPad.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.landingPad.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPadFull.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Rocket Launch Pad
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.machine2.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.machineTiered.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.machineTiered.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.moonBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBricksStairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Moon Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonStoneStairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Moon Rock Stairs
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCollector.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxygen Collector
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCompressor.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oxygenCompressor.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenDetector.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxygen Detector
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenPipe.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxygen Pipe
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.parachest.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Parachest
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.refinery.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Refinery
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.rocketWorkbench.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE NASA Workbench
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.sealer.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxygen Sealer
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.solar.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.solar.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.spaceStationBase.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Space Station arrival block
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.spinThruster.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Spin Thruster
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.telemetry.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Telemetry Unit
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs1.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs2.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.treasureChest.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.viewScreen.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Display Screen
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftCore.tile.wallGC.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wallGC.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.asteroidsBlock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.asteroidsBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReceiver.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Beam Receiver
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReflector.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Beam Reflector
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.cavernVines.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.creeperEgg.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Creeper Egg
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.denseIce.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dense Ice
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.hydrogenPipe.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Hydrogen Pipe
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.mars.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mars.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsCobblestoneStairs.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Mars Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsDungeonBricksStairs.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Mars Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachine.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.marsMachine.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachineT2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.marsMachineT2.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBase.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBaseFull.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.minerBaseFull.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.slimelingEgg.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slimelingEgg.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.sludge.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadFake.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.telepadFake.name
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadShort.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Short Range Telepad
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT2.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 2 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT3.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 3 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkway.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Walkway
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayOxygenPipe.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Walkway
fe.protection.explode.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayWire.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Walkway
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft.grc.fenceRope.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence with Rope
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft.grc.netherBrickFenceRope.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence with Rope (Nether Brick)
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft.grc.ropeBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Rope
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft.grccore.BlockFluidSaltWater.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Salt Water
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft.grccore.salt_block.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Salt Block
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleBlock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.0.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Juice
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.1.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Cider
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.2.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Cider
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.3.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Cider
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.4.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Silken Nectar
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.5.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Cider
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.6.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Cider
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleLeaves.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleSapling.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooBlock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoor.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Door
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoubleSlab.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFence.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFenceGate.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFenceRope.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Fence with Rope
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooLeaves.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooScaffold.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Scaffold
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooShoot.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooSingleSlab.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStalk.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooWall.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Wall
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.name
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Botania.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.grc.BeeBox.Botania.name
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Fireproof.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Fireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Normal.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Normal.name
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Fireproof.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Fireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Normal.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Normal.name
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BlockFluidHoney.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Honey
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeBox.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.grc.BeeBox.Minecraft.name
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeHive.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Bee Hive
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.0.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead Must
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.3.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.4.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.5.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.6.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.brewKettle.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Brew Kettle
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentBarrel.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fermentation Barrel
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentJar.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Culture Jar
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPress.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mechanical Press
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPresser.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Mechanical Press
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Fishtrap.grc.fishTrap.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fish Trap
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeBlock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Grapes
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeLeaves.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine0.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Trunk
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine1.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Trunk
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.0.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Juice
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.1.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Wine
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.2.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Wine
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.3.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Wine
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.4.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ambrosia
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.5.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Port Wine
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.6.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Wine
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.7.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Wine
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.0.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.3.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale Wort
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.4.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.5.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.6.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.7.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.8.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopVine.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Hops
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.0.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lager
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.1.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lager
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lager
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.3.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lager
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.4.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lager
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.5.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lager
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.6.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lager
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidButterMilk.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Butter Milk
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidCream.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cream
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidCurds.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Milk Curds
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidMilk.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Milk
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidPasteurizedMilk.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Pasteurized Milk
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidRennet.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Rennet
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidSkimMilk.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Skim Milk
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidWhey.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Whey
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.ButterChurn.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Butter Churn
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheeseBlock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese Block
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheesePress.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese Press
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheeseVat.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese Vat
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.HangingCurds.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Hanging Curds
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.0.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Kumis
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Kumis
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Kumis
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.3.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Kumis
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.4.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Kumis
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.5.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Vile Milk
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.Pancheon.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pancheon
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.Thistle.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Thistle
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.paddyField.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Rice Paddy
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Rice
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.0.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sake Moromi
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.1.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sake
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sake
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.3.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sake
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.4.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Divine Sake
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.5.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sake
fe.protection.explode.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.6.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sake
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreQuesting.item_barrel.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Quest Delivery System
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreQuesting.quest_portal.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hqm:quest_portal.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreQuesting.quest_tracker.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Quest Tracking System
fe.protection.explode.IC2.ChargePad-Classic.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chargePad.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.Converter.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.LuminatorMultipartBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Luminator (Multi Part)
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.cableBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.constructionFoam.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Construction Foam
fe.protection.explode.IC2.constructionFoamWall.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockWall.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.constructionFoamWallTextured.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockWallTextured.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.crop.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Crop
fe.protection.explode.IC2.dynamiteStick.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.dynamiteStickWithRemote.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.industrialTNT.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial TNT
fe.protection.explode.IC2.ironFence.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Fence
fe.protection.explode.IC2.ironScaffold.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Scaffold
fe.protection.explode.IC2.luminator.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Luminator
fe.protection.explode.IC2.miningPipe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.explode.IC2.miningPipeTip.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.explode.IC2.nuke.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Nuke
fe.protection.explode.IC2.reactorChamber.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.reinforcedDoorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockDoorAlloy.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.reinforcedGlass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Glass
fe.protection.explode.IC2.reinforcedStone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.explode.IC2.resinBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Resin Sheet
fe.protection.explode.IC2.rubberLeaves.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.IC2.rubberSapling.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubber Tree Sapling
fe.protection.explode.IC2.rubberTrampoline.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubber Sheet
fe.protection.explode.IC2.rubberWood.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubber Wood
fe.protection.explode.IC2.scaffold.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Scaffold
fe.protection.explode.IC2.uraniumOre.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Uranium Ore
fe.protection.explode.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlLight.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2NuclearControl.networkLink.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Network Monitor
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmibisPeripherals.lanwire.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmibisPeripherals.peripherals.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.explode.LogisticsPipes.logisticsPipeBlock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE LogisticsPipes Pipe Block
fe.protection.explode.LogisticsPipes.logisticsSolidBlock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.MCFrames.mcframes.frame.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Frame
fe.protection.explode.MCFrames.mcframes.motor.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mcframes.motor.name
fe.protection.explode.MagicBees.effectJar.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bee Collector's Jar
fe.protection.explode.MagicBees.hive.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.explode.MagicBees.magicApiary.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Apiary
fe.protection.explode.MagicBees.magicbees.enchantedEarth.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Earth
fe.protection.explode.MagicBees.manaAuraProvider.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mana Apiary Booster
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Bounding Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.MachineBlock3.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Road
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Salt Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.biofuel.still.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE BioFuel
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.brick.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.decorative.brick.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.plastic.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Pipe
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.redstone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE RedNet Cable
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.chocolatemilk.still.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.conveyor.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.conveyor.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.detcord.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE DetCord
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.farmland.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fertile Soil
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.laserair.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.laserair.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.0.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.machine.0.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.machine.1.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.2.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.machine.2.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.machineblock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.machineblock.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.still.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Meat
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.milk.still.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Milk
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.mobessence.still.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Essence
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.mushroomsoup.still.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.block.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Slime Block
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.still.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Slime
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Plastic
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.dropoff.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cargo Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.pickup.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cargo Pickup Rail
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.dropoff.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Passenger Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.pickup.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Passenger Pickup Rail
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.logic.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Programmable RedNet Controller
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.panel.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.rednet.panel.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.road.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.road.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.leaves.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubber Leaves
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.log.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubber Wood
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.sapling.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubber Sapling
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.sewage.still.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sewage
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.sludge.still.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sludge
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.block.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.stainedglass.block.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.pane.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.stainedglass.pane.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.steam.still.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.stone.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mfr.decorative.stone.name
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.tank.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Tank
fe.protection.explode.MineFactoryReloaded.vinescaffold.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Vine Scaffolding
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.alien_dirt.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.alien_dirt.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.alien_farmland.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.alien_farmland.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.alien_fence.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Alien Fence
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.alien_fence_gate.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Alien Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.alien_glowstone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Alien Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.alien_grass.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Alien Grass
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.alien_leaves.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.alien_leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.alien_log.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Alien Wood
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.alien_planks.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Alien Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.alien_sapling.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Alien Sapling
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.alien_wood_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Alien Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.alphere_ore.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Alphere Ore
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.ancient_dark_door_block.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ancient_dark_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.ancient_dark_fence_gate.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Dark Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.ancient_dark_leaves.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ancient_dark_leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.ancient_dark_wood_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.blue_candy_torch.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Candy Torch
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.cake_bread.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cake Bread
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.cake_farmland.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cake_farmland.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.candy_cane1.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.candy_cane1.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.candy_cane2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.candy_cane2.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.candy_extractor_active.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.candy_extractor_active.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.candy_extractor_idle.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Candy Extractor
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.candy_flower.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.candy_flower.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.caramel_block.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Caramel Block
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.caramel_cup.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.caramel_cup.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.caramel_fluid.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.caramel_fluid.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.cavern_oyster_close.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cavern Oyster
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.cavern_oyster_open.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cavern Oyster
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.cheese_gas.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese Gas Block
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.cheese_glass.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese Glass
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.cheese_glass_pane.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.cheese_of_milk_cake.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese of Milk Cake
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.cheese_of_milk_cup.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cheese_of_milk_cup.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.cheese_of_milk_fluid.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese of Milk
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.cheese_sandstone_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.cheese_slime_block.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese Slime Block
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.cheese_slime_egg.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese Slime Egg
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.cheese_web.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese Web
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.chiseled_quontonium_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Quontonium Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.chocolate_block.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Chocolate Block
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.chocolate_cake.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Chocolate Cake
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.chocolate_cake_bread.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Chocolate Cake Bread
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.chocolate_cream_layer.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Chocolate Cream
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.chondrite_block.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chondrite_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.coconut_block.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Coconut Block
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.coconut_door_block.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.coconut_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.coconut_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Coconut Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.coconut_milk_cup.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.coconut_milk_cup.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.coconut_milk_fluid.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Coconut Milk
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.coconut_wood_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Coconut Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.cookie_block.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cookie Block
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.cream_block.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cream_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.cream_head.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cream_head.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.crystal_dirt.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.crystal_dirt.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.crystal_door_block.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.crystal_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.crystal_farmland.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.crystal_farmland.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.crystal_fence.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Fence
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.crystal_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.crystal_leaves.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Leaves
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.crystal_log.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.crystal_log.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.crystal_planks.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Wooden Planks
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.crystal_sapling.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Sapling
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.crystal_segment.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Segment
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.crystal_wood_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.cup_block.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cup_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.dark_air.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dark_air.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.dark_asteroid_block.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dark_asteroid_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.dark_asteroid_quicksand.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Asteroid Quicksand
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.deimos_block.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.deimos_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.diona_ancient_chest.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Diona Ancient Chest
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.diona_block.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.diona_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.diona_cobblestone_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Diona Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.diona_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Diona Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.diona_treasure_chest.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 4 Diona Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.dirty_water_fluid.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dirty_water_fluid.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.double_europa_sandstone_slab.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_europa_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.double_fronos_sandstone_slab.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_fronos_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.double_venus_sandstone_slab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_venus_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.dungeon_brick_double_slab1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dungeon_brick_double_slab1.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.dungeon_brick_double_slab2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dungeon_brick_double_slab2.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.dungeon_brick_half_slab1.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dungeon_brick_half_slab1.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.dungeon_brick_half_slab2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dungeon_brick_half_slab2.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.eledos_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Eledos Egg
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.europa_door_block.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.europa_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.europa_fence.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Europa Fence
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.europa_fence_gate.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Europa Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.europa_geyser.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.europa_geyser.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.europa_ice.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.europa_ice.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.europa_ice_slush.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Europa Ice Slush
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.europa_leaves.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.europa_leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.europa_log.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.europa_log.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.europa_planks.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Europa Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.europa_salt.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Europa Salt
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.europa_sand.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Europa Sand
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.europa_sandstone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.europa_sandstone.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.europa_sandstone_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Europa Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.europa_sapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Europa Sapling
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.europa_snow_block.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Europa Snow
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.europa_snow_layer.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Europa Snow
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.europa_water_bomb.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Europa Water Bomb
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.europa_water_fluid.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.europa_water_fluid.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.europa_wood_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Europa Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fallen_ice_crystal_meteor.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fallen Ice Crystal Meteor
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fallen_koentus_meteor.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fallen Koentus Meteor
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fallen_polongnius_meteor.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fallen Polongnius Meteor
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.flonium_torch.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Flonium Torch
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronisium_block.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fronisium Block
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronisium_tnt.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Fronisium TNT
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_ancient_chest.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fronos Ancient Chest
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_block.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fronos_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_block1.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fronos_block1.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_cloud.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fronos_cloud.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_cobblestone_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fronos Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_coral.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fronos_coral.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_cracked_stone_brick_stairs.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cracked Fronos Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_dandelion.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fronos_dandelion.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_dirt.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fronos_dirt.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Fronos Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_farmland.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fronos_farmland.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_fence.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fronos_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_flower.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fronos_flower.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_grass.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Fronos Grass
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_leaves.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fronos_leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_leaves2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fronos_leaves2.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_log.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fronos_log.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fronos_ore.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_ore_block.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fronos_ore_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_poppy.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fronos_poppy.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_sand.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fronos_sand.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_sandstone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fronos_sandstone.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_sandstone_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fronos Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_sapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fronos_sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_stone_brick_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fronos Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_tallgrass.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fronos_tallgrass.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_treasure_chest.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 7 Fronos Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.fronos_wooden_planks.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fronos_wooden_planks.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.frosted_cake_block.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frosted_cake_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.frozen_methane_block.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Frozen Methane Block
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.frozen_nitrogen_block.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Frozen Nitrogen Block
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.frozen_water_fluid.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Frozen Water
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.frozen_water_geyser.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Frozen Water Geyser
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.glass_gem_corn1.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.glass_gem_corn1.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.glass_gem_corn2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.glass_gem_corn2.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.glass_gem_corn3.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.glass_gem_corn3.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.glowing_ice_stone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.glowing_ice_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.golden_grass.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Grass
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.golden_wheat.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.golden_wheat.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.green_candy_torch.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Candy Torch
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.half_europa_sandstone_slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.half_europa_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.half_fronos_sandstone_slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.half_fronos_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.half_venus_sandstone_slab.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.half_venus_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.helium_block.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Helium Block
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.huge_sky_mushroom.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.huge_sky_mushroom.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.ichorius_torch.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ichorius Torch
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.icy_poison_crystal.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Icy Poison Crystal
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.infected_cavernous_vine.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Infected Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.infected_dirt.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.infected_dirt.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.infected_grass.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Infected Grass
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.infected_vine.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Infected Vines
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.infected_worm_egg.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Infected Worm Egg Rock
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.infected_zombie_egg.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Infected Zombie Egg
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.io_black_lava.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.io_black_lava.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.io_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.io_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.io_lava.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.io_lava.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.io_magma_rock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.io_magma_rock.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.jelly_block.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.jelly_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.jelly_slime_egg.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.jelly_slime_egg.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_ancient_chest.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Kapteyn B Ancient Chest
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_ancient_chest_temp.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.kapteyn-b_ancient_chest_temp.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_block.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.kapteyn-b_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_cobblestone_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Kapteyn B Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Kapteyn B Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_ice.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.kapteyn-b_ice.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_treasure_chest.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 8 Kapteyn B Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.koentus_ancient_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Koentus Ancient Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.koentus_ancient_chest.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Koentus Ancient Chest
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.koentus_ancient_stone_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Koentus Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.koentus_block.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.koentus_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.koentus_cobblestone_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Koentus Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.koentus_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Koentus Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.koentus_ice.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.koentus_ice.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.koentus_treasure_chest.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 4 Koentus Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.lemon_cream_layer.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lemon Cream
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.light_blue_candy_torch.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Candy Torch
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.liquid_brown_sulfur.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.liquid_brown_sulfur.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.liquid_methane_fluid.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.liquid_methane_fluid.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.liquid_nitrogen_fluid.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.liquid_nitrogen_fluid.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.liquid_orange_sulfur.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.liquid_orange_sulfur.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.liquid_red_sulfur.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.liquid_red_sulfur.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.liquid_yellow_sulfur.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.liquid_yellow_sulfur.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.magma_rock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Magma Rock
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.maple_ivy.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Ivy
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.mercury_ancient_chest.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Mercury Ancient Chest
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.mercury_block.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mercury_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.mercury_cobblestone_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mercury Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.mercury_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Mercury Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.mercury_ice.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirty Mercury Ice
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.mercury_treasure_chest.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mercury Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.metallic_rock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Metallic Rock
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.mineral_water_cup.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mineral_water_cup.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.mineral_water_fluid.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mineral Water
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.mineral_water_generator.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mineral Water Generator (WIP)
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.minion_creeper_egg.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Creeper Minion Egg
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.mossy_fronos_cobblestone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Fronos Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.mp_dungeon_brick_wall.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mp_dungeon_brick_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.mp_stone_double_slab1.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mp_stone_double_slab1.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.mp_stone_double_slab2.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mp_stone_double_slab2.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.mp_stone_half_slab1.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mp_stone_half_slab1.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.mp_stone_half_slab2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mp_stone_half_slab2.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.mp_wall.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mp_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.mp_wood_double_slab.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mp_wood_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.mp_wood_half_slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mp_wood_half_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.nibiru_ancient_chest.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Nibiru Ancient Chest
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.nibiru_block.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.nibiru_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.nibiru_cobblestone_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Nibiru Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.nibiru_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Nibiru Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.nibiru_farmland.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.nibiru_farmland.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.nibiru_fence.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.nibiru_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.nibiru_log.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.nibiru_log.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.nibiru_planks.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.nibiru_planks.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.nibiru_sapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.nibiru_sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.nibiru_treasure_chest.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 6 Nibiru Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.null.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.oil_rock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oil_rock.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.orange_candy_torch.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Candy Torch
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.orange_cream_layer.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Cream
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.orange_door_block.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.orange_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.orange_fence_gate.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.orange_leaves.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.orange_leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.orange_wood_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.ovantine_block.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ovantine Block
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.ovantine_cup.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ovantine_cup.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.ovantine_fluid.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ovantine
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.packed_europa_ice.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Europa Ice
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.phobos_block.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.phobos_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.pink_cake.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Cake
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.pink_candy_torch.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Candy Torch
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.pink_grass.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Grass
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.plains_grass.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Plains Grass
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.pluto_ancient_chest.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Pluto Ancient Chest
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.pluto_block.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pluto_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.pluto_cobblestone_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Pluto Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.pluto_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pluto Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.pluto_treasure_chest.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pluto Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.polongnius_ancient_chest.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Polongnius Ancient Chest
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.polongnius_block.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.polongnius_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.polongnius_cobblestone_stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Polongnius Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.polongnius_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Polongnius Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.polongnius_treasure_chest.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 5 Polongnius Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.power_crystal_generator.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Crystal Generator
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.purple_candy_torch.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Candy Torch
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.purple_grass.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Grass
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.quontonium_brick_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Quontonium Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.red_candy_torch.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Candy Torch
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.red_maple_door_block.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.red_maple_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.red_maple_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.red_maple_wood_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.rocky_soild_water.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Rocky Solid Water
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.sirius-b_ancient_chest.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sirius B Ancient Chest
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.sirius-b_cobblestone_stairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sirius B Carbon Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.sirius-b_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Sirius B Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.sirius-b_treasure_chest.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 8 Sirius B Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.sirius_blaze_egg.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sirius Blaze Egg
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.sirius_block.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sirius_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.sirius_fire.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sirius_fire.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.sirius_glowstone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sirius Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.sirius_lava.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sirius_lava.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.sirius_obsidian.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sirius Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.sirius_redstone_lamp.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Sirius Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.sirius_redstone_lamp_on.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sirius_redstone_lamp_on.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.space_decoration_block.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.space_decoration_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.space_mossy_cobblestone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.space_mossy_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.space_oyster_close.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Space Oyster
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.space_oyster_open.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Space Oyster
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.space_potato_block.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.space_potato_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.space_shell.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.space_shell.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.strawberry_cream_layer.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Strawberry Cream
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.strawberry_crops.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.strawberry_crops.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.sulfur_torch.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sulfur Torch
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.tea_cream_layer.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Tea Cream
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.tea_cup.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tea_cup.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.tea_fluid.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Tea
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.tinted_glass.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tinted_glass.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.tinted_glass_pane.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tinted_glass_pane.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.ultra_violet_solar_panel.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ultra Violet Solar Panel
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.uranium_bomb.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Uranium Bomb
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.uranium_waste.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.uranium_waste.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.vanilla_cream_layer.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Vanilla Cream
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.venus_ancient_chest.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Venus Ancient Chest
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.venus_block.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.venus_block.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.venus_cobblestone_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Venus Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.venus_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Venus Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.venus_magma_rock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Venus Magma Rock
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.venus_redstone_ore.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Venus Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.venus_redstone_ore_active.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.venus_redstone_ore_active.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.venus_sand.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Venus Sand
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.venus_sandstone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.venus_sandstone.name
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.venus_sandstone_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Venus Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.venus_smoke_geyser.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Venus Smoke Geyser
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.venus_treasure_chest.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 3 Venus Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.venusian_blaze_egg.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Venusian Blaze Egg
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.white_cake.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE White Cream Cake
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.white_cake_bread.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE White Cream Cake Bread
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.white_crystal_torch.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE White Crystal Torch
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.white_sandstone_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE White Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.xeonium_glowstone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Xeonium Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.xeonium_torch.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Xeonium Torch
fe.protection.explode.MorePlanet.yellow_candy_torch.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Candy Torch
fe.protection.explode.NetherOres.netherOresBlockHellfish.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.netherores.hellfish.name
fe.protection.explode.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.0.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.netherores.ore.0.name
fe.protection.explode.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.1.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.netherores.ore.1.name
fe.protection.explode.OCS.basicProximitySensor.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Proximity Sensor
fe.protection.explode.OCS.gauge.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Gauge
fe.protection.explode.OCS.sensor.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sensor
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Anvil
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bear Trap
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Big Button
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Placer
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Breaker
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Cannon
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Canvas
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Canvas
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Donation Station
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Drawing Table
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fan
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Flag
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Egg
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Grave
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Building Guide
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Healer
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Dropper
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Paint Can
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Paint Mixer
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Path
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Height Map Projector
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Rope Ladder
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Scaffolding
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Block
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sponge
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sprinkler
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Tank
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Target
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Trophy
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Village Highlighter
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Bottler
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Drain
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Shower
fe.protection.explode.OpenPeripheral.glassesbridge.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Terminal Glasses Bridge
fe.protection.explode.OpenPeripheral.peripheralproxy.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Peripheral Proxy
fe.protection.explode.OpenPeripheral.pim.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE PIM
fe.protection.explode.OpenPeripheral.selector.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Selector
fe.protection.explode.OpenPeripheral.sensor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Sensor
fe.protection.explode.OpenPeripheral.ticketmachine.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.explode.PeripheralsPlusPlus.aiChatBox.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE AI Chat Box
fe.protection.explode.PeripheralsPlusPlus.antenna.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Antenna
fe.protection.explode.PeripheralsPlusPlus.beeAnalyzer.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bee Analyzer
fe.protection.explode.PeripheralsPlusPlus.butterflyAnalyzer.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Butterfly Analyzer
fe.protection.explode.PeripheralsPlusPlus.chatBox.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Chat Box
fe.protection.explode.PeripheralsPlusPlus.dummyBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.peripheralsplusplus:dummyBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.PeripheralsPlusPlus.environmentScanner.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Environment Scanner
fe.protection.explode.PeripheralsPlusPlus.interactiveSorter.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Interactive Sorter
fe.protection.explode.PeripheralsPlusPlus.meBridge.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Bridge
fe.protection.explode.PeripheralsPlusPlus.noteBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Note Block
fe.protection.explode.PeripheralsPlusPlus.oreDictionary.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ore Dictionary
fe.protection.explode.PeripheralsPlusPlus.peripheralContainer.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Peripheral Container
fe.protection.explode.PeripheralsPlusPlus.playerInterface.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Player Interface
fe.protection.explode.PeripheralsPlusPlus.playerSensor.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Player Sensor
fe.protection.explode.PeripheralsPlusPlus.resupplyStation.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Resupply Station
fe.protection.explode.PeripheralsPlusPlus.rfCharger.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Turtle Charger (RF)
fe.protection.explode.PeripheralsPlusPlus.speaker.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Speaker
fe.protection.explode.PeripheralsPlusPlus.teleporter.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Turtle Teleporter
fe.protection.explode.PeripheralsPlusPlus.teleporterT2.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Turtle Teleporter
fe.protection.explode.PeripheralsPlusPlus.timeSensor.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Time Sensor
fe.protection.explode.PeripheralsPlusPlus.treeAnalyzer.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tree Analyzer
fe.protection.explode.PeripheralsPlusPlus.turtle.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Turtle
fe.protection.explode.PortalGun.Portal_BlockMulti.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal Multiblock - Don't use this
fe.protection.explode.PortalGun.Portal_BlockPortal.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal Half - Don't use this
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine1.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine2.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.airousLight.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.illumination.airousLight.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lamp.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.alchemical_chest.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemical Chest
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.collector_mk1.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Collector MK1
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.collector_mk2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Collector MK2
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.collector_mk3.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Collector MK3
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.condenser_mk1.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Condenser
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.condenser_mk2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Condenser MK2
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.dm_furnace.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.dm_furnace_lit.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.dm_pedestal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Matter Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.fuel_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pe_fuel_block.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.interdiction_torch.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.matter_block.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pe_matter_block.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.nova_cataclysm.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Nova Cataclysm
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.nova_catalyst.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Nova Catalyst
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.relay_mk1.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Anti-Matter Relay MK1
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.relay_mk2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Anti-Matter Relay MK2
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.relay_mk3.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Anti-Matter Relay MK3
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.rm_furnace.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.rm_furnace_lit.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.explode.ProjectE.transmutation_table.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Transmutation Table
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.cube.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.detector.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Creosote
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.frame.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.glass.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.ore.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.post.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.residual.heat.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Residual Heat
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.signal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.slab.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.stair.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.track.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator Track
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.advancedFluidDisplay.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Fluid Display
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.advancedItemCollector.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Item Collector
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.bloodMoonSensor.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloodmoon Sensor
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.dyeingMachine.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dyeing Machine
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.enderEnergyDistributor.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Energy Distributor
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.energyDistributor.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Distributor
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.fluidDisplay.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Display
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Imbuing Station
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.itemCollector.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Collector
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.notificationInterface.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Notification Interface
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Online Detector
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Player Interface
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Spectre Block
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.spectreGlass.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Spectre Glass
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.wirelessLever.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wireless Lever
fe.protection.explode.StevesAddons.cable_ae.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Energistics Connector
fe.protection.explode.StevesAddons.cable_rf.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE RF Node
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBUDName.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Detector
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBreakerName.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Gate
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCamouflageName.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableClusterName.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCreativeName.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Supplier
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableInputName.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableIntakeName.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableName.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Inventory Cable
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableOutputName.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableRelayName.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableSignName.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign Updater
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockMachineManagerName.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.compDrawers.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.controller.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Drawer Controller
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.controllerSlave.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Controller Slave
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.framingTable.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Framing Table
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.fullCustom1.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Drawer
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.fullCustom2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.fullCustom4.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers4.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.halfCustom2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.halfCustom4.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers4.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.trim.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.trim.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.trimCustom.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Trim
fe.protection.explode.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_0.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_16.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_32.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_48.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_64.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirForce.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Glass
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Workbench.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.workbench.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidAerotheum.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Resonant Ender
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Primal Mana
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidPetrotheum.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tectonic Petrotheum
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraPillar.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraSlab.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurora Slab
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.CastleBrick.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.CastleDoor.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.CastleDoorVanished.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.CastleMagic.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.CinderFurnaceIdle.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.CinderFurnaceLit.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.CinderLog.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CinderLog.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.DarkLeaves.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.FluffyCloud.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.ForceField.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ForceField.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.GiantCobble.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLeaves.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Leaves
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLog.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Log
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.GiantObsidian.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.HugeGloomBlock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.HugeLilyPad.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.HugeStalk.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Stalk
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.HugeWaterLily.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.KnightmetalBlock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.Slider.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Slider.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFAuroraBrick.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurora Block
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFBossSpawner.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFBossSpawner.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFBurntThorns.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFCicada.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cicada
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFDeadrock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFDeadrock.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireJet.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFFireJet.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFFirefly.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Firefly
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireflyJar.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Firefly Jar
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFHedge.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFHedge.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFLeaves.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves3.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFLeaves3.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFLog.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFLog.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLeaves.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFMagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLog.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFMagicLog.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFMazestone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFMazestone.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFMoonworm.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Moonworm
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFNagastone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFNagastone.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlank.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFPlank.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlant.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFPlant.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFPortal.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFRoots.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFRoots.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFSapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFSapling.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFShield.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFShield.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFThornRose.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Thorn Rose
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFThorns.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFThorns.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerDevice.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFTowerDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerStone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFTowerStone.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerTranslucent.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFTowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophy.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Twilight Forest Trophy
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophyPedestal.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFTrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFUncraftingTable.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFUnderBrick.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFUnderBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TrollBer.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Trollber
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TrollSteinn.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Trollsteinn
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TrollVidr.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Trollvidr
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.UberousSoil.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Uberous Soil
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.UnripeTrollBer.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.WispyCloud.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.explode.VeganOption.basin.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Basin
fe.protection.explode.VeganOption.bedStraw.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Straw Bed
fe.protection.explode.VeganOption.compost.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Compost
fe.protection.explode.VeganOption.composter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Composter
fe.protection.explode.VeganOption.encrustedObsidian.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Encrusted Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.VeganOption.enderRift.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Rift
fe.protection.explode.VeganOption.fluidOilVegetable.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Vegetable Oil
fe.protection.explode.VeganOption.fluidSoapSolution.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Soap Solution
fe.protection.explode.VeganOption.inkBlack.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Vegetable Oil Ink
fe.protection.explode.VeganOption.inkWhite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE White Vegetable Oil Ink
fe.protection.explode.VeganOption.juteBundled.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bundled Jute
fe.protection.explode.VeganOption.jutePlant.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Jute
fe.protection.explode.VeganOption.kapok.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Kapok Block
fe.protection.explode.VeganOption.lyeWater.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Ash Lye
fe.protection.explode.VeganOption.plantMilk.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Plant Milk
fe.protection.explode.VeganOption.rawEnder.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Raw Ender
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.auroraBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurora
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.booster.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Booster
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.cleanDirt.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Garden Soil
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.lampb.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.lampf.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.lampt.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.stoneTile.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ztone Tile
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.agonBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agonBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.azurBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.azurBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.bittBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bittBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.crayBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.crayBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.fortBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fortBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.glaxx.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.glaxx.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.iszmBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.iszmBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.jeltBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.jeltBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.korpBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.korpBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.krypBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.krypBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.lairBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lairBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.laveBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.laveBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.mintBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mintBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.mystBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mystBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.redsBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redsBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.reedBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.roenBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.roenBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.solsBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.solsBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.syncBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.syncBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.tankBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Tank
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.vectBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.vectBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.venaBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.venaBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zaneBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zaneBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zechBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zechBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zestBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zestBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zetaBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zetaBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zionBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zionBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zkulBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zkulBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zoeaBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zoeaBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zomeBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zomeBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zoneBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zoneBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zorgBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zorgBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.ztylBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ztylBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Ztones.tile.zythBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zythBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.additionalpipes.chunkLoader.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Teleport Tether
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aechor_sprout.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Aechor Sprout
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aercloud.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.aercloud.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_3.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_4.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_5.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_6.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_7.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aerogel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Aerogel
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aerogel_double_slab.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Aerogel Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aerogel_slab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.aerogel_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aerogel_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Aerogel Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aerogel_wall.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Aerogel Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aether_dirt.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Aether Dirt
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aether_enchantment_table.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Aether Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aether_farmland.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Aether Farmland
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aether_grass.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Aether Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aether_portal.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Aether Portal
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aether_tallgrass.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Aether Grass
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aether_tnt.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Aether TNT
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aether_tulips.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Aether Tulips
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aetheral_ambrosium_ore.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ambrosium Ore
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aetheral_arkenium_ore.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Arkenium Ore
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aetheral_continuum_ore.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Continuum Ore
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aetheral_gravitite_ore.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravitite Ore
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Aetheralstone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_bricks.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Aetheral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_bricks_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Aetheral Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_double_slab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Aetheralstone Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_slab.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.aetheral_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Aetheralstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_wall.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Aetheralstone Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.aetheral_zanite_ore.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Zanite Ore
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.agiosite.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Agiosite
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.agiosite_ambrosium_ore.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ambrosium Ore
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.agiosite_arkenium_ore.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Arkenium Ore
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.agiosite_brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Agiosite Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.agiosite_bricks.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Agiosite Bricks
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.agiosite_continuum_ore.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Continuum Ore
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.agiosite_double_slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Agiosite Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.agiosite_gravitite_ore.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravitite Ore
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.agiosite_slab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agiosite_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.agiosite_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Agiosite Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.agiosite_wall.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Agiosite Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.agiosite_zanite_ore.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Zanite Ore
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.ambrosium_block.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ambrosium Block
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.ambrosium_ore.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ambrosium Ore
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.ambrosium_torch.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ambrosium Torch
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.amplifier.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Amplifier
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Carved Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone_double_slab.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ancient_carved_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone_slab.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ancient_carved_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone_stairs.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ancient_carved_stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone_wall.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Carved Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.ancient_enchanter.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Enchanter
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.ancient_sentry_stone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Sentry Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.angelic_double_slab.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Angelic Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.angelic_slab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.angelic_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.angelic_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Angelic Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.angelic_stone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Angelic Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.angelic_trap.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Angelic Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.angelic_wall.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Angelic Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.arctic_grass.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Arctic Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.arkenium_block.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Arkenium Block
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.arkenium_ore.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Arkenium Ore
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.auralite_cluster_1.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Auralite Bud
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.auralite_cluster_2.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Auralite Cluster
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.auralite_pillar.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Auralite Pillar
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.azure_holystone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Azure Holystone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.berry_bush.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mature Berry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.berry_bush_stem.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Berry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.block_of_auralite.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Of Auralite
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.bloodmoss_stone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloodmoss Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.blue_light_skyroot_leaves.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Wisproot Leaves
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.blue_skyroot_leaves.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Skyroot Leaves
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.blue_skyroot_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Skyroot Sapling
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.blue_swingtip.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Swingtip
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.budding_auralite.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Budding Auralite
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.burstblossom.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Bust Blossom
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Caelestia Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone_double_slab.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Caelestia Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone_slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.caelestia_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Caelestia Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone_wall.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Caelestia Stone Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.carrion_flower.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrion Flower
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Carved Caelestia Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone_double_slab.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Carved Caelestia Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone_slab.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.carved_caelestia_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone_stairs.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Carved Caelestia Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone_wall.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Carved Caelestia Stone Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.carved_double_slab.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Carved Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.carved_slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.carved_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.carved_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Carved Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.carved_stone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Carved Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.carved_trap.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Carved Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.carved_wall.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Carved Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.cer_scales_block.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Elysian Dragon Scale Block
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.chest_mimic.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Chest Mimic
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.coldfire.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cold Fire
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.continuum_block.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Continuum Block
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.continuum_ore.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Continuum Ore
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.cracked_oblitus_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cracked Oblitus Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.creeping_stone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Creeping Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.crystal_fruit_leaves.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Fruit Leaves
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.crystal_leaves.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Leaves
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.crystal_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Sapling
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.dark_blue_skyroot_leaves.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Blue Skyroot Leaves
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.dark_blue_skyroot_sapling.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Blue Skyroot Sapling
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.decorated_holiday_leaves.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Decorated Holiday Leaves
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.deific.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Deific
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.deific_ambrosium_ore.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ambrosium Ore
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.deific_arkenium_ore.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Arkenium Ore
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.deific_brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Deific Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.deific_bricks.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Deific Bricks
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.deific_continuum_ore.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Continuum Ore
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.deific_double_slab.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Deific Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.deific_gravitite_ore.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravitite Ore
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.deific_slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.deific_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.deific_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Deific Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.deific_wall.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Deific Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.deific_zanite_ore.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Zanite Ore
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Divine Angelic Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone_double_slab.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Divine Angelic Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone_slab.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.divine_angelic_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone_stairs.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Divine Angelic Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone_wall.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Divine Angelic Stone Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_trap.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Divine Angelic Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Divine Carved Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone_double_slab.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Divine Carved Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone_slab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.divine_carved_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone_stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Divine Carved Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone_wall.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Divine Carved Stone Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.divine_carved_trap.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Divine Carved Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.divine_enchantment_table.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Divine Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.divine_grass.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Divine Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Divine Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone_double_slab.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Divine Hellfire Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone_slab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.divine_hellfire_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Divine Hellfire Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone_wall.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Divine Hellfire Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.divine_light_angelic_stone.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Divine Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.divine_light_hellfire_stone.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Divine Light Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.divine_sentry_stone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Divine Sentry Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.divineral_block.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Of Divineral
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_aether_farmland.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Aether Farmland
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_aether_grass.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Aether Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_aether_tallgrass.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Aether Grass
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_aether_tulips.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Aether Tulips
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Aetheralstone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_bricks.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Aetheral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_double_slab.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Aetheralstone Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_slab.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enchanted_aetheral_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_stairs.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Aetheralstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_wall.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Aetheralstone Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Agiosite
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_brick_double_slab.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Agiosite Brick Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_brick_slab.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enchanted_agiosite_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_brick_stairs.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Agiosite Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_brick_wall.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Agiosite Brick Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_bricks.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Agiosite Bricks
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_double_slab.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Agiosite Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enchanted_agiosite_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Agiosite Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_wall.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Agiosite Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Deific
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_bricks.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Deific Bricks
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_double_slab.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Deific Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enchanted_deific_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Deific Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_wall.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Deific Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_gravitite.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Gravitite
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Holystone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_bricks.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Holystone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_double_slab.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Holystone Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_slab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enchanted_holystone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Holystone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_wall.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Holystone Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanted_quickshoot.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Quickshoot
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.enchanter.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanter
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.ethereal_torch.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethereal Torch
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.freezer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Freezer
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.frozen_quicksoil.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Frozen Quicksoil
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.frozen_quicksoil_glass.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Frozen Quicksoil Glass
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.fuse_double_slab.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fuse Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.fuse_slab.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fuse_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.fuse_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Fuse Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.fuse_stone.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Fuse Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.fuse_trap.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Fuse Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.fuse_trap_2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Creeping Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.fuse_wall.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Fuse Stone Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.gale_double_slab.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Gale Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.gale_slab.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gale_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.gale_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Gale Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.gale_stone.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Gale Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.gale_trap.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Gale Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.gale_wall.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Gale Stone Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.genesis_double_slab.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Genesis Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.genesis_slab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.genesis_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.genesis_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Genesis Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.genesis_stone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Genesis Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.genesis_trap.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Genesis Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.genesis_wall.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Genesis Stone Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.glowing_icestone.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowing Icestone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.golden_oak_bookshelf.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.golden_oak_double_slab.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Oak Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.golden_oak_fence.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Oak Fence
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.golden_oak_fruit_leaves.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Oak Fruit Leaves
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.golden_oak_gate.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Oak Gate
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.golden_oak_leaves.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Oak Leaves
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.golden_oak_log.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Oak Wood
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.golden_oak_log_wall.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Oak Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.golden_oak_planks.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.golden_oak_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Oak Sapling
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.golden_oak_slab.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.golden_oak_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.golden_oak_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Oak Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.golden_oak_trapdoor.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Oak Wood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.grape_tree_mature.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mature Grape Tree
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.grape_tree_stage_one.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Tree Stem
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.grape_tree_stage_two.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Tree Stem
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.gravitite_ore.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravitite Ore
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.greatroot_double_slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.greatroot_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.greatroot_fence.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatroot Fence
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.greatroot_fence_gate.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatroot Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.greatroot_log.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatroot Wood
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.greatroot_log_wall.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatroot Log Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.greatroot_planks.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatroot Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.greatroot_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatroot Sapling
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.greatroot_slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.greatroot_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.greatroot_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatroot Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.greatroot_trapdoor.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatroot Wood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.green_aercloud.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Aercloud
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.green_light_skyroot_leaves.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatroot Leaves
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.hellfire.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Hell Fire
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.hellfire_double_slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Hellfire Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.hellfire_slab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hellfire_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.hellfire_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Hellfire Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.hellfire_stone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.hellfire_torch.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Hellfire Torch
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.hellfire_trap.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.hellfire_wall.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Hellfire Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.holiday_leaves.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Holiday Leaves
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.holiday_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Holiday Sapling
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.holystone.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Holystone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.holystone_brick.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Holystone Brick
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.holystone_brick_double_slab.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Holystone Brick Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.holystone_brick_slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.holystone_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.holystone_brick_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Holystone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.holystone_brick_wall.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Holystone Brick Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.holystone_double_slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Holystone Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.holystone_lever.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Holystone Lever
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.holystone_slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.holystone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.holystone_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Holystone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.holystone_wall.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Holystone Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.icestone.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Icestone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.incubator.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Incubator
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.inebriation_aercloud.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Inebriation Aercloud
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.large_orange_tree.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Orange Tree
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.light_angelic_stone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.light_gale_stone.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gale Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.light_genesis_stone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Genesis Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.light_hellfire_stone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.locked_ancient_carved_stone.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Carved Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.locked_ancient_sentry_stone.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Sentry Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.locked_angelic_stone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Angelic Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.locked_carved_stone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carved Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.locked_creeping_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Locked Creeping Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.locked_divine_angelic_stone.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Locked Divine Angelic Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.locked_divine_carved_stone.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Divine Carved Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.locked_divine_hellfire_stone.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Locked Divine Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.locked_divine_light_angelic_stone.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Locked Divine Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.locked_divine_light_hellfire_stone.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Locked Divine Light Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.locked_divine_sentry_stone.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Divine Sentry Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.locked_fuse_stone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Locked Fuse Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.locked_gale_stone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Gale Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.locked_genesis_stone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Genesis Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.locked_hellfire_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.locked_light_angelic_stone.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.locked_light_gale_stone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gale Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.locked_light_genesis_stone.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Genesis Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.locked_light_hellfire_stone.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.locked_mythic_angelic_stone.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mythic Angelic Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.locked_mythic_carved_stone.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mythic Carved Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.locked_mythic_light_angelic_stone.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mythic Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.locked_mythic_sentry_stone.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mythic Sentry Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.locked_sentry_stone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sentry Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.luminous_stone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Luminous Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.mature_orange_tree.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Mature Orange Tree
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.medium_blueberry_bush.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Medium Blueberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.medium_orange_tree.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Medium Orange Tree
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.medium_raspberry_bush.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Medium Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.medium_strawberry_bush.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Medium Strawberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.moonlit_bloom.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Moonlit Bloom
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Holystone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone_double_slab.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Holystone Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone_slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mossy_holystone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Holystone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone_wall.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Holystone Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mythic Angelic Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone_double_slab.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mythic Angelic Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone_slab.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mythic_angelic_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone_stairs.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mythic Angelic Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone_wall.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Mythic Angelic Stone Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mythic Carved Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone_double_slab.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Mythic Carved Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone_slab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mythic_carved_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone_stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mythic Carved Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone_wall.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Mythic Carved Stone Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.mythic_light_angelic_stone.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mythic Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.mythic_sentry_stone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mythic Sentry Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.neverbloom.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Neverbloom
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.notch_holystone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Notched Holystone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.oblitus_stone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Oblitus Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.pillar.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pillar
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.pillar_top.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Pillar Top
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.pink_aercloud.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Aercloud
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.present.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Present
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.primeval_artifact.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Primeval Artifact
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.protector_block.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Protector Block
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.purple_aercloud.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Aercloud
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.purple_flower.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Flower
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.purple_skyroot_fruit_leaves.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Skyroot Fruit Leaves
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.purple_skyroot_leaves.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Skyroot Leaves
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.purple_skyroot_sapling.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Skyroot Sapling
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.quickshoot.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Quickshoot
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.quicksoil.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Quicksoil
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.quicksoil_glass.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Quicksoil Glass
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.raspberry_bush.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Mature Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.raspberry_bush_stem.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.reinforced_arkenium_block.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Block of Arkenium
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.sentry_stone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sentry Stone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.skyroot_bed.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Skyroot Bed
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.skyroot_bookshelf.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Skyroot Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.skyroot_chest.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Skyroot Chest
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.skyroot_double_slab.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Skyroot Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.skyroot_fence.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Skyroot Fence
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.skyroot_fence_gate.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Skyroot Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.skyroot_ladder.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Skyroot Ladder
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.skyroot_leaves.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Skyroot Leaves
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.skyroot_log.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Skyroot Wood
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.skyroot_log_wall.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Skyroot Log Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.skyroot_planks.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Skyroot Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.skyroot_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Skyroot Sapling
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.skyroot_slab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.skyroot_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.skyroot_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Skyroot Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.skyroot_trapdoor.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Skyroot Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.skyroot_workbench.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Skyroot Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.small_blueberry_bush.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Blueberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.small_orange_tree.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Orange Tree
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.small_raspberry_bush.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.small_strawberry_bush.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Strawberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.songstone_side.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Songstone
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.storm_aercloud.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Storm Aercloud
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.strawberry_bush.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Mature Strawberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.strawberry_bush_stem.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Straberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.sun_altar.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sun Altar
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.treasure_chest.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.verdant_grass.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Verdant Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.void_double_slab.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.void_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.void_fence.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Wood Fence
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.void_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Wood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.void_fruit_leaves.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Fruit Leaves
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.void_leaves.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Leaves
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.void_log.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Wood
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.void_log_wall.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Log Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.void_planks.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.void_sapling.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Sapling
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.void_slab.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.void_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.void_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.void_trapdoor.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Wood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.white_flower.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE White Flower
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.white_rose.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE White Rose
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.wisproot_double_slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wisproot_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.wisproot_fence.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Wisproot Fence
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.wisproot_fence_gate.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Wisproot Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.wisproot_log.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wisproot Wood
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.wisproot_log_wall.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Wisproot Log Wall
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.wisproot_planks.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wisproot Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.wisproot_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Wisproot Sapling
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.wisproot_slab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wisproot_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.wisproot_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wisproot Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.wisproot_trapdoor.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Wisproot Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.zanite_block.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Zanite Block
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.zanite_ore.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Zanite Ore
fe.protection.explode.aether_legacy.zanite_trapdoor.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Zanite Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Charger
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Chest
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Controller
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCrank.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Crank
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Drive
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockGrinder.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE ME IO Port
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Inscriber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Interface
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Matrix Frame
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.Aum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Aum
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.CraftingAltar.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Altar
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.InscriptionTable.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Inscription Table
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.ParticleEmitter.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Particle Emitter
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.SpellRune.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Spell Rune
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.Summoner.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Summoner
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.TarmaRoot.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Tarma Root
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.VinteumTorch.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Vinteum Torch
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.WitchwoodLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Witchwood Leaves
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.WitchwoodLog.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Witchwood Log
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.arcaneDeconstructor.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Deconstructor
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.armorInfuser.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Armor Imbuement Table
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.astralBarrier.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Astral Barrier
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.blackAurem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Aurem
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.blockArcaneReconstructor.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Reconstructor
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.blockLectern.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lectern
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.blueOrchid.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cerublossom
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.brokenLinkBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Broken Power Link
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.calefactor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Calefactor
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.candle.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Placed Warding Candle
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.celestialPrism.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Celestial Prism
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.crystalMarker.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.arsmagica2:crystalMarker.name
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.desertNova.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Desert Nova
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.elementalAttuner.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Flicker Habitat
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.essenceConduit.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Etherium Conduit
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.essenceRefiner.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Essence Refiner
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.everstone.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Everstone
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.flickerLure.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Flicker Lure
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.goldInlay.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Inlay
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.illusionBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.arsmagica2:illusionBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.inertSpawner.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Inert Spawner
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.invisibleUtility.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.arsmagica2:invisibleUtility.name
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.ironInlay.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Inlay
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.keystoneChest.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Keystone Chest
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.keystoneDoor.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Keystone Door
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.keystoneReceptacle.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.keystoneTrapDoor.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Keystone Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.liquidEssence.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Etherium
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.mageTorch.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mage Light
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.magicWall.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Wall
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.magiciansWorkbench.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Magician's Workbench
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.manaBattery.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Mana Battery
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.obelisk.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.occulus.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Occulus
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.otherworldAura.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Otherworld Aura
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.planksWitchwood.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Witchwood Planks
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.redstoneInlay.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Inlay
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.saplingWitchwood.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Witchwood Sapling
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.seerStone.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Seer Stone
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.slipstreamGenerator.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Slipstream Generator
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.spellSealedDoor.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Spell-Sealed Door
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.stairsWitchwood.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Witchwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.vinteumOre.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.arsmagica2:ores.name
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.wakebloom.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Wakebloom
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.witchwoodDoubleSlab.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.arsmagica2:witchwoodDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.witchwoodSingleSlab.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.arsmagica2:witchwoodSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.arsmagica2.wizardChalk.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Wizard's Chalk Rune
fe.protection.explode.backpacks16840.backpack_block.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Backpack
fe.protection.explode.backpacks16840.backpack_block164.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.backpack_block164.name
fe.protection.explode.backpacks16840.quantum_chest.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Quantum Chest
fe.protection.explode.backpacks16840.quantum_chest164.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Quantum Chest (Imported from 1.6.4)
fe.protection.explode.chancecubes.Chance_Cube.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Chance Cube
fe.protection.explode.chancecubes.Chance_Icosahedron.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Chance Icosahedron
fe.protection.explode.chancecubes.Compact_Giant_Chance_Cube.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Compact Giant Chance Cube
fe.protection.explode.chancecubes.Cube_Dispenser.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Chance Cube Dispenser
fe.protection.explode.chancecubes.Giant_Chance_Cube.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Chance Cube
fe.protection.explode.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.explode.chisel.andesite.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Anti Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.beacon.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Beacon
fe.protection.explode.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Brick Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Floor Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cloud.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cloud
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.copperblock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Copper
fe.protection.explode.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diorite.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.dirt.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.end_Stone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fantasy Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.futura.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Futura Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Futura Circuit
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glowstone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.gold2.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.chisel.gold_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.granite.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.grimstone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Grimstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Hex Plating
fe.protection.explode.chisel.holystone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Holystone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.iron2.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.chisel.iron_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lavastone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavastone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.leadblock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Lead
fe.protection.explode.chisel.leaves.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.nation.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.chisel.netherrack.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.obsidian.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.paperwall.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperwall
fe.protection.explode.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperwall Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.present.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Present
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.purpur.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.rebel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Rebellious Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.road_line.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Road Lines
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstone2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.explode.chisel.silverblock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Silver
fe.protection.explode.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.steelblock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Steel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Technical Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical3.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical4.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Technical Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.templeblock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Temple Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.tinblock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Tin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch1.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch10.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch3.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch4.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch5.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch6.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch7.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch8.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch9.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.tyrian.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Tyrian
fe.protection.explode.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.explode.chisel.valentines.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Valentines Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.warningSign.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Warning Sign
fe.protection.explode.chisel.waterstone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Waterstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Woolen Clay
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.audioCable.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Audio Cable
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.camera.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Camera
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.chatBox.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Chat Box
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.cipher.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Cipher Block
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.colorfulLamp.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.detector.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Detector - Digital
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.digitalControllerBox.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Digital Signal Controller Box
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.digitalReceiverBox.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Digital Signal Receiver Box
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.ironNoteBlock.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Note Block
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.locomotiveRelay.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.radar.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Radar
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.speaker.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Speaker
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.speechBox.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Speech Box
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.tapeReader.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Tape Drive
fe.protection.explode.computronics.computronics.ticketMachine.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.explode.cookingbook.cookingoven.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cooking Oven
fe.protection.explode.cookingbook.cookingtable.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cooking Table
fe.protection.explode.cookingbook.fridge.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fridge
fe.protection.explode.cookingbook.sink.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sink
fe.protection.explode.cookingbook.toaster.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cookingbook:toaster.name
fe.protection.explode.cookingbook.toolrack.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Tool Rack
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcBanner.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Banner
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcBarrel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Barrel
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcBeam.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Beam
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcBigSign.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Big Sign
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcBloodBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Block
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcBook.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Book
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcBorder.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Border
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcCampfire.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Campfire
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcCampfireUnlit.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Campfire
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcCandle.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Candle
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcCandleUnlit.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Lamp
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcCarpentyBench.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpentry Bench
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcChair.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Chair
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcCouchWood.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Couch
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcCouchWool.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool Couch
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcCrate.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Crate
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcCrystalBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcLamp.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lamp
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcLampUnlit.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Candle
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcMailbox.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mailbox
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcPedestal.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcPlaceholder.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.npcPlaceholder.name
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcRedstoneBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Block
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcShelf.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Shelf
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcSign.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcStool.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stool
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcTable.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Table
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcTallLamp.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Tall Lamp
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcTombstone.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Tombstone
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcWallBanner.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Wall Banner
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcWaypoint.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Location Quest Block
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcWeaponRack.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Weapon Rack
fe.protection.explode.deepresonance.blockResonating.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Resonating Plate Block
fe.protection.explode.deepresonance.crystalizerBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystalizer
fe.protection.explode.deepresonance.denseGlass.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Dense Glass
fe.protection.explode.deepresonance.denseObsidian.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dense Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.deepresonance.energyCollectorBlock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Collector
fe.protection.explode.deepresonance.generatorBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Generator
fe.protection.explode.deepresonance.generatorControllerBlock.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Generator Controller
fe.protection.explode.deepresonance.laserBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Infusing Laser
fe.protection.explode.deepresonance.lensBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lens
fe.protection.explode.deepresonance.machineFrame.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Machine Frame
fe.protection.explode.deepresonance.oreResonating.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Resonating Ore
fe.protection.explode.deepresonance.pedestalBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.deepresonance.poisonedDirt.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Poisoned Dirt
fe.protection.explode.deepresonance.purifierBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Purifier
fe.protection.explode.deepresonance.resonatingCrystalBlock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Resonating Crystal
fe.protection.explode.deepresonance.smelterBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Smelter
fe.protection.explode.deepresonance.tankBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Tank
fe.protection.explode.deepresonance.valveBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Valve
fe.protection.explode.denseores.block0.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.denseores:block0.name
fe.protection.explode.denseores.block1.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.denseores:block1.name
fe.protection.explode.dimdoors.Dimensional_Door.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Door
fe.protection.explode.dimdoors.Fabric_of_Reality.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fabric of Reality
fe.protection.explode.dimdoors.Fabric_of_RealityPerm.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Eternal Fabric
fe.protection.explode.dimdoors.Golden_Dimensional_Door.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Dimensional Door
fe.protection.explode.dimdoors.Golden_Door.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Door
fe.protection.explode.dimdoors.Personal_Dimensional_Door.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Personal Dimensional Door
fe.protection.explode.dimdoors.Quartz_Door.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Door
fe.protection.explode.dimdoors.Rift.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Rift
fe.protection.explode.dimdoors.Transdimensional_Trapdoor.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Transdimensional Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.dimdoors.Unraveled_Fabric.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Unraveled Fabric
fe.protection.explode.dimdoors.Unstable_Door.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Unstable Door
fe.protection.explode.dimdoors.Warp_Door.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Warp Door
fe.protection.explode.dimdoors.transientDoor.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Transient Door
fe.protection.explode.fossil.AnubiteStatue.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Anubite Statue
fe.protection.explode.fossil.amberOre.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Amber Ore
fe.protection.explode.fossil.analyzer.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Analyzer
fe.protection.explode.fossil.analyzerActive.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Analyzer
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientChest.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientGlass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Glass
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientStone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientStoneSlab.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientStoneSlabDouble.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ancientStoneSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientStoneStairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientStonebrick.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone Brick
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientWood.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Wood
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientWoodPillar.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Wood Pillar
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientWoodPlate.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Wooden Plate
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientWoodSlab.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Wood Slab
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientWoodSlabDouble.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ancientWoodSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.fossil.ancientWoodStairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Wooden Stairs
fe.protection.explode.fossil.anu_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Anu Statue
fe.protection.explode.fossil.anu_portal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal to the Lair of Darkness
fe.protection.explode.fossil.bubbleMachine.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Bubble Blower
fe.protection.explode.fossil.cultureVat.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Culture Vat
fe.protection.explode.fossil.cultureVatActive.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Culture Vat
fe.protection.explode.fossil.denseSand.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dense Sand
fe.protection.explode.fossil.feederActive.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Feeder
fe.protection.explode.fossil.feederIdle.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Feeder
fe.protection.explode.fossil.fernBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Fern
fe.protection.explode.fossil.figurine.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Figurine
fe.protection.explode.fossil.fossil.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Fossil
fe.protection.explode.fossil.fossil_drum.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Drum
fe.protection.explode.fossil.fossilworkbench.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Archeology Workbench
fe.protection.explode.fossil.home_portal.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Overworld Portal
fe.protection.explode.fossil.icedStone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Iced Stone
fe.protection.explode.fossil.obsidianSpikes.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian Spikes
fe.protection.explode.fossil.palaeorapheLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Palaeoraphe Leaves
fe.protection.explode.fossil.palaeorapheLog.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Palaeoraphe Log
fe.protection.explode.fossil.palaeoraphePlanks.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Palaeoraphe Planks
fe.protection.explode.fossil.palaeorapheSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Palaeoraphe Sapling
fe.protection.explode.fossil.palaeorapheSlab.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Palaeoraphe Slab
fe.protection.explode.fossil.palaeorapheSlabDouble.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Palaeoraphe Slab
fe.protection.explode.fossil.palaeorapheStairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Palaeoraphe Stairs
fe.protection.explode.fossil.permafrost.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Permafrost
fe.protection.explode.fossil.plant_bennettitales_large.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tall Bennettitales
fe.protection.explode.fossil.plant_bennettitales_small.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Bennettitales
fe.protection.explode.fossil.plant_cephalotaxus.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cephalotaxus
fe.protection.explode.fossil.plant_crataegus.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Crataegus
fe.protection.explode.fossil.plant_dillhoffia.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dillhoffia
fe.protection.explode.fossil.plant_ephedra.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ephedra
fe.protection.explode.fossil.plant_florissantia.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Florissantia
fe.protection.explode.fossil.plant_horsetail_large.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Tall Horsetail
fe.protection.explode.fossil.plant_horsetail_small.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Horsetail
fe.protection.explode.fossil.plant_licopodiophyta.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lycopodiophyta
fe.protection.explode.fossil.plant_mutant.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Failure Plant
fe.protection.explode.fossil.plant_osmunda.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Osmunda
fe.protection.explode.fossil.plant_paleopanax.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Foozia
fe.protection.explode.fossil.plant_sarracina.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sarracenia 
fe.protection.explode.fossil.plant_tempskya.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Tempskya
fe.protection.explode.fossil.plant_vaccinium.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Vaccinium
fe.protection.explode.fossil.plant_welwitschia.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Welwitschia
fe.protection.explode.fossil.plant_zamites.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Zamites
fe.protection.explode.fossil.sarcophagus.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mysterious Sarcophagus
fe.protection.explode.fossil.sifter.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sifter
fe.protection.explode.fossil.sifterActive.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sifter
fe.protection.explode.fossil.skullBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Skull
fe.protection.explode.fossil.skullLantern.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Skull Lantern
fe.protection.explode.fossil.slimeTrail.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Failuresaurus Trail
fe.protection.explode.fossil.strongGlass.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Glass
fe.protection.explode.fossil.tar.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Tar
fe.protection.explode.fossil.timeMachine.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Time Machine
fe.protection.explode.fossil.vaseAmphora.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.vaseAmphora.name
fe.protection.explode.fossil.vaseKylix.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.vaseKylix.name
fe.protection.explode.fossil.vaseVolute.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.vaseVolute.name
fe.protection.explode.fossil.volcanicAsh.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Volcanic Ash
fe.protection.explode.fossil.volcanicBrick.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Volcanic Brick
fe.protection.explode.fossil.volcanicRock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Volcanic Rock
fe.protection.explode.fossil.volcanicSlab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Volcanic Slab
fe.protection.explode.fossil.volcanicSlabDouble.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Volcanic Slab
fe.protection.explode.fossil.volcanicStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Volcanic Stairs
fe.protection.explode.fossil.workbenchActive.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Archeology Workbench
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE DNA Extractor
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mutatron
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid DNA
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Mutagen
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Protein
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Animal Trap
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Apiary
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Beehive
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Berry Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.churn.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Churn
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cutting Board
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Desert Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fish Trap
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Gourd Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ground Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Herb Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Leafy Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.market.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Market
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.oven.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Oven
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Almond
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Apricot
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Avocado
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Banana
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cashew
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Chestnut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Coconut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Date
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Durian
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fig
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Goosberry
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Grapefruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Lemon
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mango
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Wood
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Nutmeg
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Olive
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Papaya
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Peach
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pecan
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Peppercorn
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Persimmon
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pistachio
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Plum
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pomegranate
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Starfruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Walnut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Barley Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Bean Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Beet Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE White Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Celery Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Corn Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cotton Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Date Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Garlic Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ginger Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Lamington
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Leek Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Oats Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Okra Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Onion Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pavlova
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Peanut Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Peas Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Radish Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Rice Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Rye Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Scallion Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Soybean Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Spinach Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Tomato Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Turnip Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pot.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pot
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Presser
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.quern.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Quern
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.salt.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Salt Ore
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.sink.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sink.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Stalk Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Textile Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Garden
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.aeDecoration.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.immersiveintegration:aeDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.extendablePost.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Extendable Wooden Post
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.extendedPost.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Post Extension
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.inductionCharger.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.immersiveintegration:inductionCharger.name
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.industrialCokeOven.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Coke Oven
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.itemRobin.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Robin
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.meDenseTransformer.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Dense Transformer
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.meDenseWireConnector.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Dense Wire Connector
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.meTransformer.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Transformer
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.meWireConnector.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Wire Connector
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.redstoneWireConnector.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Wire Connector
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.steelDecoration.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.immersiveintegration:steelDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.steelTrapdoor.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Activator Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.air.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.air.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.anvil.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Anvil
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.beacon.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Beacon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bed.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Bed
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedrock
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cactus.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cake.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cake
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carpet.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carrots.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrots
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cauldron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chest.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.clay.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Coal Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cocoa
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.command_block.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dead Bush
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Detector Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dirt.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Dispenser
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dropper.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Dropper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE End Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.farmland.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Farmland
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fire.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.furnace.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Booster Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.grass.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gravel.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravel
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hay Bale
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hopper.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ice.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jukebox
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ladder.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ladder
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lava.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lever.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lever
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log2.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Melon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mycelium
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Wart
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Note Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.planks.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.portal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Potatoes
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.rail.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.reeds.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Sugar cane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sand.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sapling.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.skull.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Sand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sponge.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sponge
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tnt.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE TNT
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.torch.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.vine.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Vines
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.water.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.web.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobweb
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wheat.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Crops
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wool.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.explode.mod_Invasion.blockNexus.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Nexus
fe.protection.explode.necromancy.Altar_Building_Block.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Altar Building Block.name
fe.protection.explode.necromancy.FlowingBlood.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Flowing Blood
fe.protection.explode.necromancy.Sewing_Machine.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Sewing Machine
fe.protection.explode.necromancy.Summoning_Altar.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Summoning Altar
fe.protection.explode.necromancy.skullWall.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.skullWall.name
fe.protection.explode.secretroomsmod.CamoDummy.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CamoDummy.name
fe.protection.explode.secretroomsmod.CamoGate.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Secret Gate
fe.protection.explode.secretroomsmod.GhostBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghost Block
fe.protection.explode.secretroomsmod.OneWayGlass.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE One-Way Glass
fe.protection.explode.secretroomsmod.SecretCamoButton.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SecretButton.name
fe.protection.explode.secretroomsmod.SecretCamoLever.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Secret lever
fe.protection.explode.secretroomsmod.SecretCamoRedstone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Secret Redstone
fe.protection.explode.secretroomsmod.SecretChest.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Secret Chest
fe.protection.explode.secretroomsmod.SecretHeavyPlate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Secret Weighted Plate (heavy)
fe.protection.explode.secretroomsmod.SecretIronDoorBlock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Secret Iron Door
fe.protection.explode.secretroomsmod.SecretLightDetector.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Secret Light Detector
fe.protection.explode.secretroomsmod.SecretLightPlate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Secret Weighted Plate (light)
fe.protection.explode.secretroomsmod.SecretPlayerPlate.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Secret Player Plate
fe.protection.explode.secretroomsmod.SecretPressurePlate.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Secret Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.secretroomsmod.SecretStair.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Secret Stairs
fe.protection.explode.secretroomsmod.SecretTrapDoor.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Secret TrapDoor
fe.protection.explode.secretroomsmod.SecretTrappedChest.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Secret Trapped Chest
fe.protection.explode.secretroomsmod.SecretWoodenDoorBlock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Secret Wooden Door
fe.protection.explode.secretroomsmod.SolidAir.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Solid Air
fe.protection.explode.secretroomsmod.TorchLever.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch Lever
fe.protection.explode.telepads.telepad.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE TelePad
fe.protection.explode.vending.vendingMachine.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Vending Block
fe.protection.explode.vending.vendingMachineAdvanced.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Vending Block
fe.protection.explode.vending.vendingMachineMultiple.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Multiple Vending Block
fe.protection.explode.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.explode.witchery.alluringskull.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Alluring Skull
fe.protection.explode.witchery.altar.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Altar
fe.protection.explode.witchery.artichoke.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Artichoke
fe.protection.explode.witchery.barrier.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Barrier
fe.protection.explode.witchery.beartrap.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Beartrap
fe.protection.explode.witchery.belladonna.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Belladonna
fe.protection.explode.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Crucible
fe.protection.explode.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.explode.witchery.bloodrose.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Poppy
fe.protection.explode.witchery.bramble.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.brazier.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Brazier
fe.protection.explode.witchery.brew.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.brewgas.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.brewliquid.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cactus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus
fe.protection.explode.witchery.candelabra.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Candelabra
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cauldron.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.witchery.chalice.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Chalice
fe.protection.explode.witchery.circle.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Heart Glyph
fe.protection.explode.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.explode.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.explode.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.explode.witchery.clever.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lever
fe.protection.explode.witchery.coffinblock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Coffin
fe.protection.explode.witchery.crittersnare.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Critter Snare
fe.protection.explode.witchery.crystalball.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Ball
fe.protection.explode.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Door
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sun Collector
fe.protection.explode.witchery.decursedirected.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.explode.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.explode.witchery.demonheart.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Demon Heart
fe.protection.explode.witchery.disease.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Disease
fe.protection.explode.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Distillery
fe.protection.explode.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Distillery
fe.protection.explode.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dream Weaver
fe.protection.explode.witchery.embermoss.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ember Moss
fe.protection.explode.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.explode.witchery.force.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Solid
fe.protection.explode.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fume Funnel
fe.protection.explode.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Garlic Garland
fe.protection.explode.witchery.garlicplant.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Garlic
fe.protection.explode.witchery.glintweed.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Glint Weed
fe.protection.explode.witchery.glowglobe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Glow Globe
fe.protection.explode.witchery.grassper.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Grassper
fe.protection.explode.witchery.hollowtears.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icedoor.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Door
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icefence.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Fence
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icefencegate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Gate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.iceslab.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icestairs.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icestockade.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.infinityegg.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Infinity Egg
fe.protection.explode.witchery.kettle.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Kettle
fe.protection.explode.witchery.leapinglily.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaping Lily
fe.protection.explode.witchery.leechchest.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Leech Chest
fe.protection.explode.witchery.light.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.lilypad.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lilypad.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mandrake.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mandrake
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mindrake.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Minedrake
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mirror
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mirror
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Mirror Surface
fe.protection.explode.witchery.perpetualice.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.explode.witchery.pitdirt.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.witchery.pitgrass.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass
fe.protection.explode.witchery.placeditem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.plantmine.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.explode.witchery.refillingchest.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Chest
fe.protection.explode.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.explode.witchery.scarecrow.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Scarecrow
fe.protection.explode.witchery.shadedglass.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.silvervat.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Silver Vat
fe.protection.explode.witchery.slurp.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowbell.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Snowbell
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowslab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowstairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.somniancotton.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.explode.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Spanish Moss
fe.protection.explode.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.explode.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.explode.witchery.spiritportal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Spirit Portal
fe.protection.explode.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Alder Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.explode.witchery.statueofworship.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.explode.witchery.stockade.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.tormentportal.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Torment Portal
fe.protection.explode.witchery.tormentstone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Torment Stone
fe.protection.explode.witchery.trent.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Trent Effigy
fe.protection.explode.witchery.vine.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Vine
fe.protection.explode.witchery.voidbramble.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Bramble
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wallgen.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.web.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Web
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Witches Oven
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Witches Oven
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchleaves.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchlog.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchsapling.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchsladder.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchwood.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wolf Altar
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wolfhead.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Wolf Head
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wolfsbane
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wolftrap.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Wolftrap
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wormwood.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Wormwood
fe.protection.interact.*                                                                      # (default: true) Allow interacting with blocks (button, chest, workbench)
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.channelValve.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:channelValve.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropAllium.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Allium
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropAum.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Aum
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropAurigold.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Aurigold
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBlack.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Black Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBlue.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Blue Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBrown.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Brown Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaCyan.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Cyan Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaGray.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Gray Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaGreen.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Green Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLightBlue.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Light Blue Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLightGray.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Light Gray Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLime.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Lime Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaMagenta.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Magenta Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaOrange.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Orange Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaPink.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Pink Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaPurple.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Purple Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaRed.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Red Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaWhite.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical White Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaYellow.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Yellow Flower
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropCactus.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropCarrot.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Carrot
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropCerublossom.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:cropCerublossom.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropCuprosia.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cuprosia
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropDaisy.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Daisy
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropDandelion.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dandelion
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropDesertNova.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:cropDesertNova.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropDiamahlia.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Diamahlia
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropEmeryllis.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Emeryllis
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropFerranium.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ferranium
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropJaslumine.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Jaslumine
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropLapender.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Lapender
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropNiccissus.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Niccissus
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropNitorWart.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Nitor Wart
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropOrchid.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Orchid
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropOsmonium.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Osmonium
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropPetinia.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Petinia
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropPlatiolus.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Platiolus
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropPlombean.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Plombean
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropPoppy.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Poppy
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropPotato.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Potato
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropQuartzanthemum.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Quartzanthemum
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropRedstodendron.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Redstodendron
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropShroomBrown.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropShroomRed.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Red Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropSilverweed.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Silverweed
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropSugarcane.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sugarcane
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropTarmaRoot.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:cropTarmaRoot.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropTulipOrange.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Tulip
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropTulipPink.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Tulip
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropTulipRed.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Red Tulip
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropTulipWhite.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT White Tulip
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.cropWakebloom.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:cropWakebloom.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.crops.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Crop Sticks
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.fence.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:fence.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.fenceGate.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:fenceGate.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.grate.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:grate.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.peripheral.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Controlled Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.seedAnalyzer.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.seedStorage.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:seedStorage.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.sprinkler.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sprinkler
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.waterChannel.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:waterChannel.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.waterChannelFull.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:waterChannelFull.name
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.waterPad.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Water Pad
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.waterPadFull.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Water Pad
fe.protection.interact.AgriCraft.waterTank.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:waterTank.name
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShips.balloon.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Air Balloon
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShips.buffer.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Shore Buffer
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShips.crate_wood.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Crate
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShips.engine.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Steam Engine
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShips.floater.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Floater
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShips.gauge.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Measurement Gauges
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShips.marker.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ship's Helm
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShips.seat.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Passenger Seat
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Armor Stand
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Desk Bell
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Painting Press
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Printing Press
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Typesetting Table
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodClock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodcase.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWooddesk.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodrack.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodtable.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.interact.BinnieCore.storage.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.alchemyCatalyst.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.alfheimPortal.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.altGrass.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.altar.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Altar
fe.protection.interact.Botania.avatar.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.bellows.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bellows.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.bifrost.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.bifrostPerm.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.bifrostPermPane.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA0Slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA0Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA0Wall.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA10Slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA10Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA11Slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA11Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA12Slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA12Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA13Slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA13Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA14Slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA14Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA15Slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA15Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA1Slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA1Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA2Slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA2Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA3Slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA3Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA4Slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA4Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA5Slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA5Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA6Slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA6Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA7Slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA7Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA8Slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA8Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA9Slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA9Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB0Slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB0Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB1Slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB1Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB2Slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB2Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB3Slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB3Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB4Slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB4Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB5Slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB5Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB6Slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB6Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB7Slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB7Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.blazeBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.brewery.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.buriedPetals.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.cacophoniumBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.cellBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.cocoon.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.conjurationCatalyst.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.corporeaCrystalCube.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.corporeaFunnel.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.corporeaIndex.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.corporeaInterceptor.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.corporeaRetainer.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick0Slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick0SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick0Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick1Slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick1SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick1Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick2Slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick2SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick2Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick3Slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick3SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick3Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dirtPath.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dirtPath.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dirtPath0Slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dirtPath0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dirtPath0SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dirtPath0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.distributor.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.interact.Botania.doubleFlower1.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.doubleFlower2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood0Slab.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood0SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood0Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood0Wall.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood1Slab.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood1SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood1Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.elfGlass.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.elfGlassPane.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.enchantedSoil.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.enchanter.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanter
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick0Slab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick0Stairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick2Slab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick2Stairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.enderEyeBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.fakeAir.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.felPumpkin.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.floatingSpecialFlower.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.flower.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Flower
fe.protection.interact.Botania.forestDrum.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.forestEye.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.gaiaHeadBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gaiaHeadBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.ghostRail.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.hourglass.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.incensePlate.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.lightLauncher.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.lightRelay.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock0Slab.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock0SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock0Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock0Wall.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock1Slab.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock1SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock1Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood0Slab.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood0SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood0Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood0Wall.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood1Slab.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood1SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood1Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaBeacon.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaBeacon.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaBomb.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaDetector.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaFlame.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaGlass.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaGlassPane.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaVoid.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.miniIsland.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.mushroom.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.Botania.openCrate.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement0Slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement0SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement0Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement1Slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement1SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement1Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement2Slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement2SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement2Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement3Slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement3SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement3Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement4Slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement4SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement4Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement5Slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement5SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement5Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.petalBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pistonRelay.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.platform.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.platform.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pool.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pool.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prism.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prism.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine0Slab.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine0SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine0Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine0Wall.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine1Slab.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine1SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine1Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine2Slab.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine2SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine2Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pump.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pump.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pylon.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeFull.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabDarkFull.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabDarkHalf.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabElfFull.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabElfHalf.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderFull.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabManaFull.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabManaHalf.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabRedFull.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabRedHalf.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyFull.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsBlaze.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsDark.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsElf.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsLavender.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsMana.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsRed.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsSunny.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeBlaze.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeDark.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeElf.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeLavender.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeMana.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeRed.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeSunny.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.redStringComparator.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.redStringContainer.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.redStringDispenser.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.redStringFertilizer.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.redStringInterceptor.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.redStringRelay.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.reedBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.reedBlock0Slab.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reedBlock0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.reedBlock0SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reedBlock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.reedBlock0Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reedBlock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.reedBlock0Wall.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reedBlock0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.rfGenerator.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.root.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.root.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.runeAltar.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.seaLamp.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.seaLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerrock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerrock0Slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerrock0SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerrock0Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shinyFlower.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.solidVine.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.sparkChanger.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.spawnerClaw.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.specialFlower.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.spreader.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.starfield.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Stone
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone0Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone0SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone0Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone0Wall.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone10Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone10Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone10SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone10Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone10Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone11Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone11Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone11SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone11Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone11Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone1Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone1SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone1Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone2Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone2SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone2Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone3Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone3SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone3Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone8Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone8Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone8SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone8Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone8Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone9Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone9Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone9SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone9Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone9Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.storage.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.terraPlate.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.teruTeruBozu.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.thatch.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.thatch0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thatch0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.thatch0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thatch0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.thatch0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thatch0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.tinyPlanetBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.tinyPotato.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.turntable.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.unstableBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unstableBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Architect Table
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Builder
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Construction Mark
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Filler
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Frame
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Electronic Library
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Quarry
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.buildToolBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Land Mark
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Path Mark
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fuel
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Oil
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockRedPlasma.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Workbench
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Chute
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Flood Gate
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mining Well
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mining Pipe
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pump
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Refinery
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Tank
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Requester
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Zone Planner
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Infusing Laser
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Recipe Packager
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pipeBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.CCLights2.CCLBigMonitor.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT External Monitor
fe.protection.interact.CCLights2.CCLGPU.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT GPU
fe.protection.interact.CCLights2.CCLMonitor.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Monitor
fe.protection.interact.CCLights2.CCLTTrans.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tablet Transmitter
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.CC-Cable.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Networking Cable
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.CC-Computer.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Computer
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.CC-Peripheral.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.computercraft:peripheral.name
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.CC-Turtle.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Turtle
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleAdvanced.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Turtle
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleExpanded.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Turtle
fe.protection.interact.ComputerCraft.command_computer.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Command Computer
fe.protection.interact.DimensionalControl.customPortal.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customPortal.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderZoo.blockConcussionCharge.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Concussion Charge
fe.protection.interact.EnderZoo.blockConfusingCharge.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Confusing Charge
fe.protection.interact.EnderZoo.blockEnderCharge.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Charge
fe.protection.interact.ExtraBees.alveary.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.alveary.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraBees.ectoplasm.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ectoplasm
fe.protection.interact.ExtraBees.hive.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hive.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_baldcypress.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bald Cypress Quarter Log
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_fir.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fir Quarter Log
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_oak.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Quarter Log
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_rainboweucalyptus.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Rainbow Eucalyptus Quarter Log
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_redwood.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Quarter Log
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.door_acacia.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Door
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.door_autumn.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Autumn Door
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.door_baldcypress.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Baldcypress Door
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.door_cypress.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cypress Door
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.door_fir.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Fir Door
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.door_japanesemaple.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Japanese Maple Door
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.door_rainboweucalyptus.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Rainbow Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.door_redwood.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Door
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.door_sakura.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Door
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.double_slabRedRock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrabiomes.redrockslab.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.double_woodslab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrabiomes.woodslab.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.double_woodslab2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrabiomes.woodslab.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.fence.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrabiomes.fence.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_acacia.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_autumn.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Autumn Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_baldcypress.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Baldcypress Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_cypress.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cypress Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_fir.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fir Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_japanesemaple.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Japanese Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_rainboweucalyptus.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Rainbow Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_redwood.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_sakura.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.flower1.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrabiomes.flower.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.flower2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrabiomes.flower.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.flower3.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrabiomes.flower.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.grass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrabiomes.tallgrass.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.leaf_pile.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Leaf Pile
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.leaves_1.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrabiomes.leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.leaves_2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrabiomes.leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.leaves_3.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrabiomes.leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.leaves_4.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrabiomes.leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.log1.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrabiomes.log.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.log2.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrabiomes.newlog.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.log_elbow_baldcypress.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bald Cypress Elbow Log
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.log_elbow_rainbow_eucalyptus.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Rainbow Eucalyptus Elbow Log
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.mini_log_1.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrabiomes.log.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.planks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrabiomes.planks.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.plants4.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cattail
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.quicksand.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Quicksand
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.redrockbrick.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Red Rock Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.saplings_1.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrabiomes.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.saplings_2.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrabiomes.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.slabRedRock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrabiomes.redrockslab.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.acacia.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.autumn.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Autumn Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.baldcypress.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bald Cypress Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.cypress.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cypress Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.fir.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.japanesemaple.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Japanese Maple Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.rainboweucalyptus.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Rainbow Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.redwood.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.sakurablossom.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.stairsRedCobble.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Red Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.terrain_blocks1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrabiomes.redrock.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.terrain_blocks2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cracked Sand
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.tile.extrabiomes.crop.strawberry.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Strawberries
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.vines.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Gloriosa
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.wall.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrabiomes.wall.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.waterplant1.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrabiomes.waterplant.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.woodslab.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrabiomes.woodslab.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtrabiomesXL.woodslab2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrabiomes.woodslab.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.alveary.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.apicultureChest.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.apicultureChest.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.beehives.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.candle.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.core.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.engine.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.factory.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.factory2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fences.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fencesFireproof.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fencesFireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ethanol
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Biomass
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Glass
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Honey
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Crushed Ice
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fruit Juice
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.mead.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mead
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Milk
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Seed Oil
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Short Mead
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.leaves.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.logs.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logs.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.logsFireproof.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logsFireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.mail.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.planks.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.planksFireproof.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.planksFireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.pods.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.resources.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.slabs.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.slabsDouble.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabsDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.slabsDoubleFireproof.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabsDoubleFireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.slabsFireproof.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabsFireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.soil.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.stairsFireproof.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairsFireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.stump.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.interact.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.interact.ForgeRelocation.relocation.blockmovingrow.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.relocation.blockmovingrow.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.slabGCDouble.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabGCDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.slabGCHalf.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabGCHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockFrame.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Air Lock Frame
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockSeal.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Air Lock Seal
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.aluminumWire.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Aluminum Wire
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.arclamp.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Arc Lamp
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.breatheableAir.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.breatheableAir.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightAir.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brightAir.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightBreathableAir.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brightBreathableAir.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.cargo.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cargo.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.cheeseBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Cheese
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.dish.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Communications Dish
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.distributor.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.dummyblock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dummyblock.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.enclosed.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enclosed.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.fallenMeteor.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fallen Meteor
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.fuelLoader.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fuel Loader
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.gcBlockCore.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gcBlockCore.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.glowstoneTorch.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPad.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.landingPad.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPadFull.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Rocket Launch Pad
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.machine.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.machine2.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.machineTiered.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.machineTiered.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.moonBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBricksStairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Moon Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonStoneStairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Moon Rock Stairs
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCollector.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Oxygen Collector
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCompressor.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oxygenCompressor.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenDetector.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Oxygen Detector
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenPipe.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Oxygen Pipe
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.parachest.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Parachest
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.refinery.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Refinery
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.rocketWorkbench.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT NASA Workbench
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.sealer.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Oxygen Sealer
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.solar.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.solar.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.spaceStationBase.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Space Station arrival block
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.spinThruster.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Spin Thruster
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.telemetry.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Telemetry Unit
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs1.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs2.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.treasureChest.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.viewScreen.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Display Screen
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftCore.tile.wallGC.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wallGC.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.asteroidsBlock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.asteroidsBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReceiver.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Beam Receiver
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReflector.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Beam Reflector
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.cavernVines.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.creeperEgg.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Creeper Egg
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.denseIce.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dense Ice
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.hydrogenPipe.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Hydrogen Pipe
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.mars.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mars.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsCobblestoneStairs.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Mars Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsDungeonBricksStairs.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Mars Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachine.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.marsMachine.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachineT2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.marsMachineT2.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBase.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBaseFull.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.minerBaseFull.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.slimelingEgg.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slimelingEgg.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.sludge.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadFake.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.telepadFake.name
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadShort.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Short Range Telepad
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT2.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 2 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT3.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 3 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkway.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Walkway
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayOxygenPipe.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Walkway
fe.protection.interact.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayWire.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Walkway
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft.grc.fenceRope.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Fence with Rope
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft.grc.netherBrickFenceRope.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fence with Rope (Nether Brick)
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft.grc.ropeBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Rope
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft.grccore.BlockFluidSaltWater.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Salt Water
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft.grccore.salt_block.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Salt Block
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Apple
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.0.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Juice
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.1.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Cider
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.2.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Cider
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.3.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Cider
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.4.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Silken Nectar
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.5.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Cider
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.6.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Cider
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleLeaves.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleSapling.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoor.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Door
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoubleSlab.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFence.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFenceGate.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFenceRope.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Fence with Rope
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooLeaves.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooScaffold.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Scaffold
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooShoot.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooSingleSlab.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStalk.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooWall.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Wall
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.name
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Botania.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.grc.BeeBox.Botania.name
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Fireproof.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Fireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Normal.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Normal.name
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Fireproof.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Fireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Normal.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Normal.name
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BlockFluidHoney.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Honey
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeBox.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.grc.BeeBox.Minecraft.name
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeHive.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Bee Hive
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.0.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mead Must
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mead
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mead
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.3.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mead
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.4.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mead
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.5.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mead
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.6.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mead
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.brewKettle.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Brew Kettle
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentBarrel.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fermentation Barrel
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentJar.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Culture Jar
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPress.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mechanical Press
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPresser.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mechanical Press
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Fishtrap.grc.fishTrap.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fish Trap
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Grapes
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeLeaves.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine0.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Trunk
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Trunk
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.0.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Juice
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.1.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Wine
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Wine
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.3.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Wine
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.4.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ambrosia
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.5.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Port Wine
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.6.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Wine
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.7.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Wine
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.0.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.3.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ale Wort
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.4.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.5.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.6.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.7.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.8.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopVine.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Hops
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.0.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lager
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lager
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lager
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.3.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lager
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.4.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lager
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.5.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lager
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.6.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lager
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidButterMilk.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Butter Milk
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidCream.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cream
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidCurds.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Milk Curds
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidMilk.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Milk
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidPasteurizedMilk.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Pasteurized Milk
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidRennet.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Rennet
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidSkimMilk.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Skim Milk
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidWhey.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Whey
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.ButterChurn.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Butter Churn
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheeseBlock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese Block
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheesePress.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese Press
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheeseVat.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese Vat
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.HangingCurds.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Hanging Curds
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.0.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Kumis
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Kumis
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Kumis
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.3.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Kumis
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.4.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Kumis
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.5.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Vile Milk
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.Pancheon.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pancheon
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.Thistle.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Thistle
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.paddyField.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Rice Paddy
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Rice
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.0.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sake Moromi
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.1.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sake
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sake
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.3.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sake
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.4.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Divine Sake
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.5.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sake
fe.protection.interact.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.6.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sake
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreQuesting.item_barrel.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Quest Delivery System
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreQuesting.quest_portal.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hqm:quest_portal.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreQuesting.quest_tracker.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Quest Tracking System
fe.protection.interact.IC2.ChargePad-Classic.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chargePad.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.Converter.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.LuminatorMultipartBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Luminator (Multi Part)
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.cableBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.constructionFoam.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Construction Foam
fe.protection.interact.IC2.constructionFoamWall.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockWall.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.constructionFoamWallTextured.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockWallTextured.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.crop.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Crop
fe.protection.interact.IC2.dynamiteStick.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.dynamiteStickWithRemote.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.industrialTNT.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial TNT
fe.protection.interact.IC2.ironFence.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Fence
fe.protection.interact.IC2.ironScaffold.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Scaffold
fe.protection.interact.IC2.luminator.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Luminator
fe.protection.interact.IC2.miningPipe.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mining Pipe
fe.protection.interact.IC2.miningPipeTip.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mining Pipe
fe.protection.interact.IC2.nuke.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Nuke
fe.protection.interact.IC2.reactorChamber.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.reinforcedDoorBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockDoorAlloy.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.reinforcedGlass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Glass
fe.protection.interact.IC2.reinforcedStone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.interact.IC2.resinBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Resin Sheet
fe.protection.interact.IC2.rubberLeaves.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.IC2.rubberSapling.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Rubber Tree Sapling
fe.protection.interact.IC2.rubberTrampoline.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Rubber Sheet
fe.protection.interact.IC2.rubberWood.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Rubber Wood
fe.protection.interact.IC2.scaffold.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Scaffold
fe.protection.interact.IC2.uraniumOre.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Uranium Ore
fe.protection.interact.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlLight.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2NuclearControl.networkLink.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT ME Network Monitor
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmibisPeripherals.lanwire.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmibisPeripherals.peripherals.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.interact.LogisticsPipes.logisticsPipeBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT LogisticsPipes Pipe Block
fe.protection.interact.LogisticsPipes.logisticsSolidBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.MCFrames.mcframes.frame.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Frame
fe.protection.interact.MCFrames.mcframes.motor.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mcframes.motor.name
fe.protection.interact.MagicBees.effectJar.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bee Collector's Jar
fe.protection.interact.MagicBees.hive.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hive.name
fe.protection.interact.MagicBees.magicApiary.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Apiary
fe.protection.interact.MagicBees.magicbees.enchantedEarth.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Earth
fe.protection.interact.MagicBees.manaAuraProvider.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mana Apiary Booster
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Bounding Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cardboard Box
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.MachineBlock3.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Road
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Salt Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.biofuel.still.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT BioFuel
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.brick.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.decorative.brick.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.plastic.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Pipe
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.redstone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT RedNet Cable
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.chocolatemilk.still.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.conveyor.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.conveyor.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.detcord.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT DetCord
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.farmland.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fertile Soil
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.laserair.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.laserair.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.0.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.machine.0.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.machine.1.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.machine.2.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.machineblock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.machineblock.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.still.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Meat
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.milk.still.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Milk
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.mobessence.still.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Essence
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.mushroomsoup.still.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.block.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Slime Block
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.still.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Slime
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Plastic
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.dropoff.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cargo Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.pickup.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cargo Pickup Rail
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.dropoff.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Passenger Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.pickup.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Passenger Pickup Rail
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.logic.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Programmable RedNet Controller
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.panel.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.rednet.panel.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.road.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.road.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.leaves.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Rubber Leaves
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.log.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Rubber Wood
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.sapling.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Rubber Sapling
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.sewage.still.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sewage
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.sludge.still.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sludge
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.block.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.stainedglass.block.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.pane.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.stainedglass.pane.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.steam.still.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Steam
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.stone.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mfr.decorative.stone.name
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.tank.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Tank
fe.protection.interact.MineFactoryReloaded.vinescaffold.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Vine Scaffolding
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.alien_dirt.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.alien_dirt.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.alien_farmland.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.alien_farmland.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.alien_fence.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Alien Fence
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.alien_fence_gate.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Alien Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.alien_glowstone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Alien Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.alien_grass.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Alien Grass
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.alien_leaves.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.alien_leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.alien_log.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Alien Wood
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.alien_planks.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Alien Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.alien_sapling.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Alien Sapling
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.alien_wood_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Alien Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.alphere_ore.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Alphere Ore
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.ancient_dark_door_block.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ancient_dark_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.ancient_dark_fence_gate.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Dark Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.ancient_dark_leaves.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ancient_dark_leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.ancient_dark_wood_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.blue_candy_torch.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Candy Torch
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.cake_bread.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cake Bread
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.cake_farmland.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cake_farmland.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.candy_cane1.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.candy_cane1.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.candy_cane2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.candy_cane2.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.candy_extractor_active.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.candy_extractor_active.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.candy_extractor_idle.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Candy Extractor
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.candy_flower.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.candy_flower.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.caramel_block.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Caramel Block
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.caramel_cup.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.caramel_cup.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.caramel_fluid.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.caramel_fluid.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.cavern_oyster_close.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cavern Oyster
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.cavern_oyster_open.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cavern Oyster
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.cheese_gas.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese Gas Block
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.cheese_glass.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese Glass
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.cheese_glass_pane.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.cheese_of_milk_cake.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese of Milk Cake
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.cheese_of_milk_cup.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cheese_of_milk_cup.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.cheese_of_milk_fluid.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese of Milk
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.cheese_sandstone_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.cheese_slime_block.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese Slime Block
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.cheese_slime_egg.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese Slime Egg
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.cheese_web.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese Web
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.chiseled_quontonium_stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Quontonium Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.chocolate_block.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Chocolate Block
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.chocolate_cake.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Chocolate Cake
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.chocolate_cake_bread.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Chocolate Cake Bread
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.chocolate_cream_layer.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Chocolate Cream
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.chondrite_block.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chondrite_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.coconut_block.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Coconut Block
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.coconut_door_block.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.coconut_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.coconut_fence_gate.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Coconut Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.coconut_milk_cup.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.coconut_milk_cup.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.coconut_milk_fluid.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Coconut Milk
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.coconut_wood_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Coconut Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.cookie_block.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cookie Block
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.cream_block.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cream_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.cream_head.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cream_head.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.crystal_dirt.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.crystal_dirt.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.crystal_door_block.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.crystal_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.crystal_farmland.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.crystal_farmland.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.crystal_fence.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Fence
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.crystal_fence_gate.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.crystal_leaves.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Leaves
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.crystal_log.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.crystal_log.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.crystal_planks.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Wooden Planks
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.crystal_sapling.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Sapling
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.crystal_segment.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Segment
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.crystal_wood_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.cup_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cup_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.dark_air.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dark_air.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.dark_asteroid_block.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dark_asteroid_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.dark_asteroid_quicksand.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Asteroid Quicksand
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.deimos_block.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.deimos_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.diona_ancient_chest.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Diona Ancient Chest
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.diona_block.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.diona_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.diona_cobblestone_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Diona Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.diona_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Diona Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.diona_treasure_chest.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 4 Diona Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.dirty_water_fluid.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dirty_water_fluid.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.double_europa_sandstone_slab.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_europa_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.double_fronos_sandstone_slab.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_fronos_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.double_venus_sandstone_slab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_venus_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.dungeon_brick_double_slab1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dungeon_brick_double_slab1.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.dungeon_brick_double_slab2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dungeon_brick_double_slab2.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.dungeon_brick_half_slab1.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dungeon_brick_half_slab1.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.dungeon_brick_half_slab2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dungeon_brick_half_slab2.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.eledos_egg.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Eledos Egg
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.europa_door_block.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.europa_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.europa_fence.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Europa Fence
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.europa_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Europa Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.europa_geyser.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.europa_geyser.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.europa_ice.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.europa_ice.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.europa_ice_slush.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Europa Ice Slush
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.europa_leaves.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.europa_leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.europa_log.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.europa_log.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.europa_planks.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Europa Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.europa_salt.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Europa Salt
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.europa_sand.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Europa Sand
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.europa_sandstone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.europa_sandstone.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.europa_sandstone_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Europa Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.europa_sapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Europa Sapling
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.europa_snow_block.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Europa Snow
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.europa_snow_layer.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Europa Snow
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.europa_water_bomb.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Europa Water Bomb
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.europa_water_fluid.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.europa_water_fluid.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.europa_wood_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Europa Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fallen_ice_crystal_meteor.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fallen Ice Crystal Meteor
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fallen_koentus_meteor.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fallen Koentus Meteor
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fallen_polongnius_meteor.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fallen Polongnius Meteor
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.flonium_torch.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Flonium Torch
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronisium_block.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fronisium Block
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronisium_tnt.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fronisium TNT
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_ancient_chest.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fronos Ancient Chest
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_block.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fronos_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_block1.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fronos_block1.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_cloud.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fronos_cloud.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_cobblestone_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fronos Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_coral.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fronos_coral.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_cracked_stone_brick_stairs.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cracked Fronos Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_dandelion.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fronos_dandelion.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_dirt.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fronos_dirt.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Fronos Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_farmland.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fronos_farmland.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_fence.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fronos_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_flower.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fronos_flower.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_grass.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Fronos Grass
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_leaves.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fronos_leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_leaves2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fronos_leaves2.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_log.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fronos_log.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_ore.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fronos_ore.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_ore_block.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fronos_ore_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_poppy.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fronos_poppy.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_sand.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fronos_sand.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_sandstone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fronos_sandstone.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_sandstone_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fronos Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_sapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fronos_sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_stone_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fronos Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_tallgrass.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fronos_tallgrass.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_treasure_chest.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 7 Fronos Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.fronos_wooden_planks.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fronos_wooden_planks.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.frosted_cake_block.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frosted_cake_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.frozen_methane_block.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Frozen Methane Block
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.frozen_nitrogen_block.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Frozen Nitrogen Block
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.frozen_water_fluid.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Frozen Water
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.frozen_water_geyser.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Frozen Water Geyser
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.glass_gem_corn1.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.glass_gem_corn1.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.glass_gem_corn2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.glass_gem_corn2.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.glass_gem_corn3.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.glass_gem_corn3.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.glowing_ice_stone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.glowing_ice_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.golden_grass.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Grass
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.golden_wheat.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.golden_wheat.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.green_candy_torch.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Green Candy Torch
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.half_europa_sandstone_slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.half_europa_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.half_fronos_sandstone_slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.half_fronos_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.half_venus_sandstone_slab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.half_venus_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.helium_block.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Helium Block
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.huge_sky_mushroom.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.huge_sky_mushroom.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.ichorius_torch.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ichorius Torch
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.icy_poison_crystal.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Icy Poison Crystal
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.infected_cavernous_vine.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Infected Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.infected_dirt.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.infected_dirt.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.infected_grass.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Infected Grass
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.infected_vine.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Infected Vines
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.infected_worm_egg.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Infected Worm Egg Rock
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.infected_zombie_egg.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Infected Zombie Egg
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.io_black_lava.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.io_black_lava.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.io_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.io_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.io_lava.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.io_lava.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.io_magma_rock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.io_magma_rock.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.jelly_block.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.jelly_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.jelly_slime_egg.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.jelly_slime_egg.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_ancient_chest.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Kapteyn B Ancient Chest
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_ancient_chest_temp.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.kapteyn-b_ancient_chest_temp.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_block.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.kapteyn-b_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_cobblestone_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Kapteyn B Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Kapteyn B Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_ice.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.kapteyn-b_ice.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_treasure_chest.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 8 Kapteyn B Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.koentus_ancient_brick_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Koentus Ancient Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.koentus_ancient_chest.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Koentus Ancient Chest
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.koentus_ancient_stone_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Koentus Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.koentus_block.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.koentus_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.koentus_cobblestone_stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Koentus Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.koentus_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Koentus Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.koentus_ice.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.koentus_ice.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.koentus_treasure_chest.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 4 Koentus Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.lemon_cream_layer.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lemon Cream
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.light_blue_candy_torch.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Candy Torch
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.liquid_brown_sulfur.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.liquid_brown_sulfur.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.liquid_methane_fluid.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.liquid_methane_fluid.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.liquid_nitrogen_fluid.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.liquid_nitrogen_fluid.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.liquid_orange_sulfur.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.liquid_orange_sulfur.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.liquid_red_sulfur.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.liquid_red_sulfur.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.liquid_yellow_sulfur.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.liquid_yellow_sulfur.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.magma_rock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Magma Rock
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.maple_ivy.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Ivy
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.mercury_ancient_chest.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Mercury Ancient Chest
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.mercury_block.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mercury_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.mercury_cobblestone_stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mercury Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.mercury_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Mercury Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.mercury_ice.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dirty Mercury Ice
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.mercury_treasure_chest.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mercury Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.metallic_rock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Metallic Rock
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.mineral_water_cup.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mineral_water_cup.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.mineral_water_fluid.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mineral Water
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.mineral_water_generator.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mineral Water Generator (WIP)
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.minion_creeper_egg.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Creeper Minion Egg
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.mossy_fronos_cobblestone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Fronos Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.mp_dungeon_brick_wall.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mp_dungeon_brick_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.mp_stone_double_slab1.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mp_stone_double_slab1.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.mp_stone_double_slab2.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mp_stone_double_slab2.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.mp_stone_half_slab1.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mp_stone_half_slab1.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.mp_stone_half_slab2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mp_stone_half_slab2.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.mp_wall.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mp_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.mp_wood_double_slab.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mp_wood_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.mp_wood_half_slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mp_wood_half_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.nibiru_ancient_chest.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Nibiru Ancient Chest
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.nibiru_block.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.nibiru_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.nibiru_cobblestone_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Nibiru Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.nibiru_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Nibiru Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.nibiru_farmland.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.nibiru_farmland.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.nibiru_fence.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.nibiru_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.nibiru_log.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.nibiru_log.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.nibiru_planks.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.nibiru_planks.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.nibiru_sapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.nibiru_sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.nibiru_treasure_chest.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 6 Nibiru Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.null.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.oil_rock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oil_rock.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.orange_candy_torch.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Candy Torch
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.orange_cream_layer.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Cream
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.orange_door_block.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.orange_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.orange_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.orange_leaves.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.orange_leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.orange_wood_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.ovantine_block.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ovantine Block
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.ovantine_cup.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ovantine_cup.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.ovantine_fluid.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ovantine
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.packed_europa_ice.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Europa Ice
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.phobos_block.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.phobos_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.pink_cake.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Cake
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.pink_candy_torch.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Candy Torch
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.pink_grass.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Grass
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.plains_grass.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Plains Grass
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.pluto_ancient_chest.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Pluto Ancient Chest
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.pluto_block.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pluto_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.pluto_cobblestone_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Pluto Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.pluto_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pluto Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.pluto_treasure_chest.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pluto Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.polongnius_ancient_chest.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Polongnius Ancient Chest
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.polongnius_block.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.polongnius_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.polongnius_cobblestone_stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Polongnius Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.polongnius_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Polongnius Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.polongnius_treasure_chest.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 5 Polongnius Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.power_crystal_generator.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Power Crystal Generator
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.purple_candy_torch.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Candy Torch
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.purple_grass.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Grass
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.quontonium_brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Quontonium Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.red_candy_torch.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Red Candy Torch
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.red_maple_door_block.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.red_maple_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.red_maple_fence_gate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.red_maple_wood_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.rocky_soild_water.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Rocky Solid Water
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.sirius-b_ancient_chest.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sirius B Ancient Chest
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.sirius-b_cobblestone_stairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sirius B Carbon Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.sirius-b_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Sirius B Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.sirius-b_treasure_chest.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 8 Sirius B Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.sirius_blaze_egg.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sirius Blaze Egg
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.sirius_block.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sirius_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.sirius_fire.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sirius_fire.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.sirius_glowstone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sirius Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.sirius_lava.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sirius_lava.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.sirius_obsidian.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sirius Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.sirius_redstone_lamp.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Sirius Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.sirius_redstone_lamp_on.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sirius_redstone_lamp_on.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.space_decoration_block.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.space_decoration_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.space_mossy_cobblestone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.space_mossy_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.space_oyster_close.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Space Oyster
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.space_oyster_open.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Space Oyster
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.space_potato_block.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.space_potato_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.space_shell.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.space_shell.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.strawberry_cream_layer.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Strawberry Cream
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.strawberry_crops.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.strawberry_crops.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.sulfur_torch.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sulfur Torch
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.tea_cream_layer.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Tea Cream
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.tea_cup.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tea_cup.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.tea_fluid.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Tea
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.tinted_glass.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tinted_glass.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.tinted_glass_pane.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tinted_glass_pane.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.ultra_violet_solar_panel.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ultra Violet Solar Panel
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.uranium_bomb.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Uranium Bomb
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.uranium_waste.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.uranium_waste.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.vanilla_cream_layer.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Vanilla Cream
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.venus_ancient_chest.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Venus Ancient Chest
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.venus_block.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.venus_block.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.venus_cobblestone_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Venus Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.venus_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Venus Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.venus_magma_rock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Venus Magma Rock
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.venus_redstone_ore.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Venus Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.venus_redstone_ore_active.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.venus_redstone_ore_active.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.venus_sand.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Venus Sand
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.venus_sandstone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.venus_sandstone.name
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.venus_sandstone_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Venus Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.venus_smoke_geyser.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Venus Smoke Geyser
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.venus_treasure_chest.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 3 Venus Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.venusian_blaze_egg.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Venusian Blaze Egg
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.white_cake.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT White Cream Cake
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.white_cake_bread.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT White Cream Cake Bread
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.white_crystal_torch.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT White Crystal Torch
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.white_sandstone_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT White Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.xeonium_glowstone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Xeonium Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.xeonium_torch.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Xeonium Torch
fe.protection.interact.MorePlanet.yellow_candy_torch.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Candy Torch
fe.protection.interact.NetherOres.netherOresBlockHellfish.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.netherores.hellfish.name
fe.protection.interact.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.0.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.netherores.ore.0.name
fe.protection.interact.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.1.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.netherores.ore.1.name
fe.protection.interact.OCS.basicProximitySensor.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Proximity Sensor
fe.protection.interact.OCS.gauge.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Gauge
fe.protection.interact.OCS.sensor.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sensor
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Anvil
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bear Trap
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Big Button
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block Placer
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block Breaker
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Item Cannon
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Canvas
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Canvas
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Donation Station
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Drawing Table
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fan
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Flag
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Egg
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Grave
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Building Guide
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Healer
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Item Dropper
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Paint Can
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Paint Mixer
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Path
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Height Map Projector
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Rope Ladder
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Scaffolding
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Block
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sponge
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sprinkler
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Tank
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Target
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Trophy
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Village Highlighter
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT XP Bottler
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT XP Drain
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT XP Shower
fe.protection.interact.OpenPeripheral.glassesbridge.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Terminal Glasses Bridge
fe.protection.interact.OpenPeripheral.peripheralproxy.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Peripheral Proxy
fe.protection.interact.OpenPeripheral.pim.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT PIM
fe.protection.interact.OpenPeripheral.selector.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Item Selector
fe.protection.interact.OpenPeripheral.sensor.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Sensor
fe.protection.interact.OpenPeripheral.ticketmachine.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ticket Machine
fe.protection.interact.PeripheralsPlusPlus.aiChatBox.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT AI Chat Box
fe.protection.interact.PeripheralsPlusPlus.antenna.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Antenna
fe.protection.interact.PeripheralsPlusPlus.beeAnalyzer.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bee Analyzer
fe.protection.interact.PeripheralsPlusPlus.butterflyAnalyzer.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Butterfly Analyzer
fe.protection.interact.PeripheralsPlusPlus.chatBox.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Chat Box
fe.protection.interact.PeripheralsPlusPlus.dummyBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.peripheralsplusplus:dummyBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.PeripheralsPlusPlus.environmentScanner.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Environment Scanner
fe.protection.interact.PeripheralsPlusPlus.interactiveSorter.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Interactive Sorter
fe.protection.interact.PeripheralsPlusPlus.meBridge.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT ME Bridge
fe.protection.interact.PeripheralsPlusPlus.noteBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Note Block
fe.protection.interact.PeripheralsPlusPlus.oreDictionary.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ore Dictionary
fe.protection.interact.PeripheralsPlusPlus.peripheralContainer.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Peripheral Container
fe.protection.interact.PeripheralsPlusPlus.playerInterface.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Player Interface
fe.protection.interact.PeripheralsPlusPlus.playerSensor.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Player Sensor
fe.protection.interact.PeripheralsPlusPlus.resupplyStation.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Resupply Station
fe.protection.interact.PeripheralsPlusPlus.rfCharger.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Turtle Charger (RF)
fe.protection.interact.PeripheralsPlusPlus.speaker.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Speaker
fe.protection.interact.PeripheralsPlusPlus.teleporter.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Turtle Teleporter
fe.protection.interact.PeripheralsPlusPlus.teleporterT2.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Turtle Teleporter
fe.protection.interact.PeripheralsPlusPlus.timeSensor.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Time Sensor
fe.protection.interact.PeripheralsPlusPlus.treeAnalyzer.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tree Analyzer
fe.protection.interact.PeripheralsPlusPlus.turtle.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Turtle
fe.protection.interact.PortalGun.Portal_BlockMulti.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Portal Multiblock - Don't use this
fe.protection.interact.PortalGun.Portal_BlockPortal.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Portal Half - Don't use this
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine1.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine2.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.airousLight.*             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.illumination.airousLight.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lamp.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.alchemical_chest.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemical Chest
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.collector_mk1.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Collector MK1
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.collector_mk2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Collector MK2
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.collector_mk3.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Collector MK3
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.condenser_mk1.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Condenser
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.condenser_mk2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Condenser MK2
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.dm_furnace.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.dm_furnace_lit.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.dm_pedestal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Matter Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.fuel_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pe_fuel_block.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.interdiction_torch.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.matter_block.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pe_matter_block.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.nova_cataclysm.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Nova Cataclysm
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.nova_catalyst.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Nova Catalyst
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.relay_mk1.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Anti-Matter Relay MK1
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.relay_mk2.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Anti-Matter Relay MK2
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.relay_mk3.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Anti-Matter Relay MK3
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.rm_furnace.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.rm_furnace_lit.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.interact.ProjectE.transmutation_table.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Transmutation Table
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.cube.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.detector.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Creosote
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Steam
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.frame.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.glass.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.ore.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.post.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.residual.heat.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Residual Heat
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.signal.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.slab.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.stair.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.track.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator Track
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.advancedFluidDisplay.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Fluid Display
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.advancedItemCollector.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Item Collector
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.bloodMoonSensor.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodmoon Sensor
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.dyeingMachine.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dyeing Machine
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.enderEnergyDistributor.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Energy Distributor
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.energyDistributor.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Distributor
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.fluidDisplay.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Display
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Imbuing Station
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.itemCollector.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Item Collector
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.notificationInterface.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Notification Interface
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Online Detector
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Player Interface
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Spectre Block
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.spectreGlass.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Spectre Glass
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.wirelessLever.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wireless Lever
fe.protection.interact.StevesAddons.cable_ae.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Energistics Connector
fe.protection.interact.StevesAddons.cable_rf.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT RF Node
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBUDName.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block Detector
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBreakerName.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block Gate
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCamouflageName.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableClusterName.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCreativeName.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Supplier
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableInputName.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableIntakeName.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableName.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Inventory Cable
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableOutputName.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableRelayName.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableSignName.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sign Updater
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockMachineManagerName.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.compDrawers.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.controller.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Drawer Controller
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.controllerSlave.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Controller Slave
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.framingTable.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Framing Table
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullCustom1.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Drawer
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullCustom2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullCustom4.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers4.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.halfCustom2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.halfCustom4.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers4.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.trim.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.trim.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.trimCustom.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Trim
fe.protection.interact.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_0.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_16.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_32.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_48.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_64.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirForce.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Glass
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Workbench.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.workbench.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidAerotheum.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Resonant Ender
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Primal Mana
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidPetrotheum.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tectonic Petrotheum
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Steam
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraPillar.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraSlab.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora Slab
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.CastleBrick.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.CastleDoor.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.CastleDoorVanished.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.CastleMagic.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.CinderFurnaceIdle.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.CinderFurnaceLit.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.CinderLog.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CinderLog.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.DarkLeaves.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.FluffyCloud.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.ForceField.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ForceField.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.GiantCobble.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLeaves.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Leaves
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLog.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Log
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.GiantObsidian.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.HugeGloomBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.HugeLilyPad.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.HugeStalk.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Stalk
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.HugeWaterLily.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.KnightmetalBlock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.Slider.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Slider.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFAuroraBrick.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora Block
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFBossSpawner.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFBossSpawner.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFBurntThorns.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFCicada.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cicada
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFDeadrock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFDeadrock.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireJet.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFFireJet.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFFirefly.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Firefly
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireflyJar.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Firefly Jar
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFHedge.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFHedge.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves3.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFLeaves3.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFLog.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFLog.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLeaves.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFMagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLog.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFMagicLog.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMazestone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFMazestone.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMoonworm.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Moonworm
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFNagastone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFNagastone.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlank.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFPlank.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlant.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFPlant.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFPortal.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFRoots.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFRoots.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFSapling.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFShield.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFShield.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFThornRose.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Thorn Rose
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFThorns.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFThorns.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerDevice.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFTowerDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerStone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFTowerStone.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerTranslucent.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFTowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophy.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Forest Trophy
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophyPedestal.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFTrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFUncraftingTable.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFUnderBrick.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFUnderBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TrollBer.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Trollber
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TrollSteinn.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Trollsteinn
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TrollVidr.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Trollvidr
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.UberousSoil.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Uberous Soil
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.UnripeTrollBer.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.WispyCloud.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.interact.VeganOption.basin.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Basin
fe.protection.interact.VeganOption.bedStraw.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Straw Bed
fe.protection.interact.VeganOption.compost.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Compost
fe.protection.interact.VeganOption.composter.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Composter
fe.protection.interact.VeganOption.encrustedObsidian.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Encrusted Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.VeganOption.enderRift.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Rift
fe.protection.interact.VeganOption.fluidOilVegetable.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Vegetable Oil
fe.protection.interact.VeganOption.fluidSoapSolution.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Soap Solution
fe.protection.interact.VeganOption.inkBlack.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Black Vegetable Oil Ink
fe.protection.interact.VeganOption.inkWhite.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT White Vegetable Oil Ink
fe.protection.interact.VeganOption.juteBundled.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bundled Jute
fe.protection.interact.VeganOption.jutePlant.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Jute
fe.protection.interact.VeganOption.kapok.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Kapok Block
fe.protection.interact.VeganOption.lyeWater.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Ash Lye
fe.protection.interact.VeganOption.plantMilk.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Plant Milk
fe.protection.interact.VeganOption.rawEnder.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Raw Ender
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.auroraBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.booster.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Booster
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.cleanDirt.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Garden Soil
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.lampb.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Flat Lamp
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.lampf.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Flat Lamp
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.lampt.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Flat Lamp
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.stoneTile.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ztone Tile
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.agonBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agonBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.azurBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.azurBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.bittBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bittBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.crayBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.crayBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.fortBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fortBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.glaxx.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.glaxx.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.iszmBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.iszmBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.jeltBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.jeltBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.korpBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.korpBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.krypBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.krypBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.lairBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lairBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.laveBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.laveBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.mintBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mintBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.mystBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mystBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.redsBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redsBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.reedBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.roenBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.roenBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.solsBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.solsBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.syncBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.syncBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.tankBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Tank
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.vectBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.vectBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.venaBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.venaBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zaneBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zaneBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zechBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zechBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zestBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zestBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zetaBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zetaBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zionBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zionBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zkulBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zkulBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zoeaBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zoeaBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zomeBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zomeBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zoneBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zoneBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zorgBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zorgBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.ztylBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ztylBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Ztones.tile.zythBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zythBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.additionalpipes.chunkLoader.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Teleport Tether
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aechor_sprout.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Aechor Sprout
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aercloud.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.aercloud.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_3.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_4.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_5.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_6.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_7.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aerogel.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Aerogel
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aerogel_double_slab.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Aerogel Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aerogel_slab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.aerogel_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aerogel_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Aerogel Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aerogel_wall.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Aerogel Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aether_dirt.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Aether Dirt
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aether_enchantment_table.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Aether Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aether_farmland.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Aether Farmland
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aether_grass.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Aether Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aether_portal.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Aether Portal
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aether_tallgrass.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Aether Grass
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aether_tnt.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Aether TNT
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aether_tulips.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Aether Tulips
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aetheral_ambrosium_ore.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ambrosium Ore
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aetheral_arkenium_ore.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Arkenium Ore
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aetheral_continuum_ore.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Continuum Ore
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aetheral_gravitite_ore.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Gravitite Ore
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Aetheralstone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_bricks.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Aetheral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_bricks_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Aetheral Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_double_slab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Aetheralstone Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_slab.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.aetheral_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Aetheralstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_wall.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Aetheralstone Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.aetheral_zanite_ore.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Zanite Ore
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.agiosite.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Agiosite
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.agiosite_ambrosium_ore.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ambrosium Ore
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.agiosite_arkenium_ore.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Arkenium Ore
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.agiosite_brick_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Agiosite Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.agiosite_bricks.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Agiosite Bricks
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.agiosite_continuum_ore.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Continuum Ore
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.agiosite_double_slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Agiosite Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.agiosite_gravitite_ore.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Gravitite Ore
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.agiosite_slab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agiosite_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.agiosite_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Agiosite Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.agiosite_wall.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Agiosite Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.agiosite_zanite_ore.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Zanite Ore
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.ambrosium_block.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ambrosium Block
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.ambrosium_ore.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ambrosium Ore
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.ambrosium_torch.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ambrosium Torch
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.amplifier.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Amplifier
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Carved Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone_double_slab.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ancient_carved_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone_slab.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ancient_carved_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone_stairs.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ancient_carved_stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone_wall.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Carved Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.ancient_enchanter.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Enchanter
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.ancient_sentry_stone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Sentry Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.angelic_double_slab.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Angelic Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.angelic_slab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.angelic_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.angelic_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Angelic Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.angelic_stone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Angelic Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.angelic_trap.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Angelic Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.angelic_wall.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Angelic Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.arctic_grass.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Arctic Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.arkenium_block.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Arkenium Block
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.arkenium_ore.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Arkenium Ore
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.auralite_cluster_1.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Auralite Bud
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.auralite_cluster_2.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Auralite Cluster
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.auralite_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Auralite Pillar
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.azure_holystone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Azure Holystone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.berry_bush.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mature Berry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.berry_bush_stem.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Large Berry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.block_of_auralite.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block Of Auralite
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.bloodmoss_stone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodmoss Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.blue_light_skyroot_leaves.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Wisproot Leaves
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.blue_skyroot_leaves.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Skyroot Leaves
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.blue_skyroot_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Skyroot Sapling
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.blue_swingtip.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Swingtip
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.budding_auralite.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Budding Auralite
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.burstblossom.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Bust Blossom
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Caelestia Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone_double_slab.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Caelestia Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone_slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.caelestia_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Caelestia Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone_wall.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Caelestia Stone Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.carrion_flower.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Carrion Flower
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Carved Caelestia Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone_double_slab.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Carved Caelestia Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone_slab.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.carved_caelestia_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone_stairs.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Carved Caelestia Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone_wall.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Carved Caelestia Stone Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.carved_double_slab.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Carved Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.carved_slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.carved_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.carved_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Carved Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.carved_stone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Carved Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.carved_trap.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Carved Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.carved_wall.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Carved Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.cer_scales_block.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Elysian Dragon Scale Block
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.chest_mimic.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Chest Mimic
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.coldfire.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cold Fire
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.continuum_block.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Continuum Block
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.continuum_ore.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Continuum Ore
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.cracked_oblitus_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cracked Oblitus Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.creeping_stone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Creeping Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.crystal_fruit_leaves.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Fruit Leaves
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.crystal_leaves.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Leaves
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.crystal_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Sapling
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.dark_blue_skyroot_leaves.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Blue Skyroot Leaves
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.dark_blue_skyroot_sapling.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Blue Skyroot Sapling
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.decorated_holiday_leaves.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Decorated Holiday Leaves
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.deific.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Deific
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.deific_ambrosium_ore.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ambrosium Ore
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.deific_arkenium_ore.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Arkenium Ore
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.deific_brick_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Deific Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.deific_bricks.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Deific Bricks
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.deific_continuum_ore.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Continuum Ore
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.deific_double_slab.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Deific Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.deific_gravitite_ore.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Gravitite Ore
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.deific_slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.deific_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.deific_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Deific Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.deific_wall.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Deific Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.deific_zanite_ore.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Zanite Ore
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Divine Angelic Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone_double_slab.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Divine Angelic Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone_slab.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.divine_angelic_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone_stairs.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Divine Angelic Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone_wall.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Divine Angelic Stone Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_trap.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Divine Angelic Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Divine Carved Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone_double_slab.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Divine Carved Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone_slab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.divine_carved_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone_stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Divine Carved Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone_wall.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Divine Carved Stone Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.divine_carved_trap.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Divine Carved Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.divine_enchantment_table.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Divine Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.divine_grass.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Divine Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Divine Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone_double_slab.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Divine Hellfire Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone_slab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.divine_hellfire_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Divine Hellfire Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone_wall.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Divine Hellfire Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.divine_light_angelic_stone.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Divine Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.divine_light_hellfire_stone.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Divine Light Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.divine_sentry_stone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Divine Sentry Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.divineral_block.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block Of Divineral
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_aether_farmland.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Aether Farmland
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_aether_grass.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Aether Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_aether_tallgrass.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Aether Grass
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_aether_tulips.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Aether Tulips
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Aetheralstone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_bricks.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Aetheral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_double_slab.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Aetheralstone Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_slab.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enchanted_aetheral_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_stairs.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Aetheralstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_wall.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Aetheralstone Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Agiosite
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_brick_double_slab.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Agiosite Brick Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_brick_slab.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enchanted_agiosite_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_brick_stairs.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Agiosite Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_brick_wall.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Agiosite Brick Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_bricks.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Agiosite Bricks
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_double_slab.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Agiosite Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enchanted_agiosite_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Agiosite Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_wall.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Agiosite Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Deific
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_bricks.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Deific Bricks
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_double_slab.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Deific Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enchanted_deific_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Deific Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_wall.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Deific Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_gravitite.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Gravitite
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Holystone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_bricks.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Holystone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_double_slab.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Holystone Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_slab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enchanted_holystone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Holystone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_wall.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Holystone Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanted_quickshoot.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Quickshoot
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.enchanter.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanter
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.ethereal_torch.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Torch
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.freezer.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Freezer
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.frozen_quicksoil.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Frozen Quicksoil
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.frozen_quicksoil_glass.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Frozen Quicksoil Glass
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.fuse_double_slab.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fuse Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.fuse_slab.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fuse_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.fuse_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Fuse Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.fuse_stone.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fuse Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.fuse_trap.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Fuse Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.fuse_trap_2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Creeping Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.fuse_wall.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Fuse Stone Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.gale_double_slab.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Gale Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.gale_slab.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gale_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.gale_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Gale Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.gale_stone.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Gale Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.gale_trap.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Gale Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.gale_wall.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Gale Stone Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.genesis_double_slab.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Genesis Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.genesis_slab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.genesis_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.genesis_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Genesis Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.genesis_stone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Genesis Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.genesis_trap.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Genesis Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.genesis_wall.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Genesis Stone Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.glowing_icestone.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Glowing Icestone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.golden_oak_bookshelf.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.golden_oak_double_slab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Oak Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.golden_oak_fence.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Oak Fence
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.golden_oak_fruit_leaves.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Oak Fruit Leaves
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.golden_oak_gate.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Oak Gate
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.golden_oak_leaves.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Oak Leaves
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.golden_oak_log.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Oak Wood
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.golden_oak_log_wall.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Oak Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.golden_oak_planks.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.golden_oak_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Oak Sapling
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.golden_oak_slab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.golden_oak_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.golden_oak_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Oak Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.golden_oak_trapdoor.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Oak Wood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.grape_tree_mature.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mature Grape Tree
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.grape_tree_stage_one.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Tree Stem
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.grape_tree_stage_two.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Tree Stem
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.gravitite_ore.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Gravitite Ore
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.greatroot_double_slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.greatroot_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.greatroot_fence.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Greatroot Fence
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.greatroot_fence_gate.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Greatroot Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.greatroot_log.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Greatroot Wood
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.greatroot_log_wall.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Greatroot Log Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.greatroot_planks.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Greatroot Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.greatroot_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Greatroot Sapling
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.greatroot_slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.greatroot_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.greatroot_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Greatroot Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.greatroot_trapdoor.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Greatroot Wood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.green_aercloud.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Green Aercloud
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.green_light_skyroot_leaves.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Greatroot Leaves
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.hellfire.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Hell Fire
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.hellfire_double_slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Hellfire Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.hellfire_slab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hellfire_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.hellfire_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Hellfire Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.hellfire_stone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.hellfire_torch.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Hellfire Torch
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.hellfire_trap.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.hellfire_wall.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Hellfire Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.holiday_leaves.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Holiday Leaves
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.holiday_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Holiday Sapling
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.holystone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Holystone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.holystone_brick.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Holystone Brick
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.holystone_brick_double_slab.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Holystone Brick Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.holystone_brick_slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.holystone_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.holystone_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Holystone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.holystone_brick_wall.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Holystone Brick Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.holystone_double_slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Holystone Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.holystone_lever.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Holystone Lever
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.holystone_slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.holystone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.holystone_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Holystone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.holystone_wall.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Holystone Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.icestone.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Icestone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.incubator.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Incubator
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.inebriation_aercloud.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Inebriation Aercloud
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.large_orange_tree.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Large Orange Tree
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.light_angelic_stone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.light_gale_stone.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gale Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.light_genesis_stone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Light Genesis Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.light_hellfire_stone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Light Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.locked_ancient_carved_stone.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Carved Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.locked_ancient_sentry_stone.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Sentry Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.locked_angelic_stone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Angelic Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.locked_carved_stone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carved Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.locked_creeping_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Locked Creeping Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.locked_divine_angelic_stone.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Locked Divine Angelic Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.locked_divine_carved_stone.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Divine Carved Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.locked_divine_hellfire_stone.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Locked Divine Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.locked_divine_light_angelic_stone.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Locked Divine Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.locked_divine_light_hellfire_stone.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Locked Divine Light Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.locked_divine_sentry_stone.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Divine Sentry Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.locked_fuse_stone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Locked Fuse Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.locked_gale_stone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Gale Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.locked_genesis_stone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Genesis Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.locked_hellfire_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.locked_light_angelic_stone.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.locked_light_gale_stone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gale Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.locked_light_genesis_stone.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Light Genesis Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.locked_light_hellfire_stone.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Light Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.locked_mythic_angelic_stone.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mythic Angelic Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.locked_mythic_carved_stone.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mythic Carved Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.locked_mythic_light_angelic_stone.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mythic Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.locked_mythic_sentry_stone.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mythic Sentry Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.locked_sentry_stone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sentry Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.luminous_stone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Luminous Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.mature_orange_tree.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Mature Orange Tree
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.medium_blueberry_bush.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Medium Blueberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.medium_orange_tree.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Medium Orange Tree
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.medium_raspberry_bush.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Medium Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.medium_strawberry_bush.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Medium Strawberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.moonlit_bloom.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Moonlit Bloom
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Holystone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone_double_slab.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Holystone Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone_slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mossy_holystone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Holystone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone_wall.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Holystone Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mythic Angelic Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone_double_slab.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mythic Angelic Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone_slab.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mythic_angelic_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone_stairs.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mythic Angelic Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone_wall.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Mythic Angelic Stone Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mythic Carved Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone_double_slab.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Mythic Carved Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone_slab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mythic_carved_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone_stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mythic Carved Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone_wall.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Mythic Carved Stone Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.mythic_light_angelic_stone.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mythic Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.mythic_sentry_stone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mythic Sentry Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.neverbloom.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Neverbloom
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.notch_holystone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Notched Holystone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.oblitus_stone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Oblitus Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.pillar.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pillar
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.pillar_top.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Pillar Top
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.pink_aercloud.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Aercloud
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.present.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Present
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.primeval_artifact.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Primeval Artifact
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.protector_block.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Protector Block
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.purple_aercloud.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Aercloud
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.purple_flower.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Flower
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.purple_skyroot_fruit_leaves.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Skyroot Fruit Leaves
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.purple_skyroot_leaves.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Skyroot Leaves
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.purple_skyroot_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Skyroot Sapling
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.quickshoot.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Quickshoot
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.quicksoil.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Quicksoil
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.quicksoil_glass.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Quicksoil Glass
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.raspberry_bush.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Mature Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.raspberry_bush_stem.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Large Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.reinforced_arkenium_block.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Block of Arkenium
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.sentry_stone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sentry Stone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.skyroot_bed.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Skyroot Bed
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.skyroot_bookshelf.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Skyroot Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.skyroot_chest.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Skyroot Chest
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.skyroot_double_slab.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Skyroot Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.skyroot_fence.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Skyroot Fence
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.skyroot_fence_gate.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Skyroot Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.skyroot_ladder.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Skyroot Ladder
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.skyroot_leaves.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Skyroot Leaves
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.skyroot_log.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Skyroot Wood
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.skyroot_log_wall.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Skyroot Log Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.skyroot_planks.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Skyroot Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.skyroot_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Skyroot Sapling
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.skyroot_slab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skyroot_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.skyroot_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Skyroot Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.skyroot_trapdoor.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Skyroot Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.skyroot_workbench.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Skyroot Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.small_blueberry_bush.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Small Blueberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.small_orange_tree.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Small Orange Tree
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.small_raspberry_bush.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Small Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.small_strawberry_bush.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Small Strawberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.songstone_side.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Songstone
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.storm_aercloud.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Storm Aercloud
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.strawberry_bush.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Mature Strawberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.strawberry_bush_stem.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Large Straberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.sun_altar.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sun Altar
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.treasure_chest.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.verdant_grass.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Verdant Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.void_double_slab.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.void_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.void_fence.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Void Wood Fence
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.void_fence_gate.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Void Wood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.void_fruit_leaves.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Void Fruit Leaves
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.void_leaves.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Void Leaves
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.void_log.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Void Wood
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.void_log_wall.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Void Log Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.void_planks.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Void Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.void_sapling.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Void Sapling
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.void_slab.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.void_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.void_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Void Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.void_trapdoor.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Void Wood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.white_flower.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT White Flower
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.white_rose.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT White Rose
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.wisproot_double_slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wisproot_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.wisproot_fence.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wisproot Fence
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.wisproot_fence_gate.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Wisproot Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.wisproot_log.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wisproot Wood
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.wisproot_log_wall.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Wisproot Log Wall
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.wisproot_planks.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wisproot Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.wisproot_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wisproot Sapling
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.wisproot_slab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wisproot_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.wisproot_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wisproot Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.wisproot_trapdoor.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Wisproot Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.zanite_block.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Zanite Block
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.zanite_ore.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Zanite Ore
fe.protection.interact.aether_legacy.zanite_trapdoor.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Zanite Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cell Workbench
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Charger
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT ME Chest
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Condenser
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT ME Controller
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Unit
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCrank.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Crank
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT ME Drive
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockGrinder.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT ME IO Port
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Inscriber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT ME Interface
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Matrix Frame
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Glass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Tiny TNT
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.Aum.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Aum
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.CraftingAltar.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Altar
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.InscriptionTable.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Inscription Table
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.ParticleEmitter.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Particle Emitter
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.SpellRune.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Spell Rune
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.Summoner.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Summoner
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.TarmaRoot.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Tarma Root
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.VinteumTorch.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Vinteum Torch
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.WitchwoodLeaves.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Witchwood Leaves
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.WitchwoodLog.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Witchwood Log
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.arcaneDeconstructor.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Deconstructor
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.armorInfuser.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Armor Imbuement Table
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.astralBarrier.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Astral Barrier
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.blackAurem.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Black Aurem
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.blockArcaneReconstructor.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Reconstructor
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.blockLectern.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lectern
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.blueOrchid.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cerublossom
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.brokenLinkBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Broken Power Link
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.calefactor.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Calefactor
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.candle.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Placed Warding Candle
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.celestialPrism.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Celestial Prism
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.crystalMarker.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.arsmagica2:crystalMarker.name
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.desertNova.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Desert Nova
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.elementalAttuner.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Flicker Habitat
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.essenceConduit.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Etherium Conduit
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.essenceRefiner.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Essence Refiner
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.everstone.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Everstone
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.flickerLure.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Flicker Lure
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.goldInlay.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Inlay
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.illusionBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.arsmagica2:illusionBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.inertSpawner.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Inert Spawner
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.invisibleUtility.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.arsmagica2:invisibleUtility.name
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.ironInlay.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Inlay
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.keystoneChest.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Keystone Chest
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.keystoneDoor.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Keystone Door
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.keystoneReceptacle.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.keystoneTrapDoor.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Keystone Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.liquidEssence.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Etherium
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.mageTorch.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mage Light
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.magicWall.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Wall
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.magiciansWorkbench.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Magician's Workbench
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.manaBattery.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Mana Battery
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.obelisk.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.occulus.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Occulus
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.otherworldAura.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Otherworld Aura
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.planksWitchwood.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Witchwood Planks
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.redstoneInlay.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Inlay
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.saplingWitchwood.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Witchwood Sapling
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.seerStone.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Seer Stone
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.slipstreamGenerator.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Slipstream Generator
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.spellSealedDoor.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Spell-Sealed Door
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.stairsWitchwood.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Witchwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.vinteumOre.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.arsmagica2:ores.name
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.wakebloom.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Wakebloom
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.witchwoodDoubleSlab.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.arsmagica2:witchwoodDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.witchwoodSingleSlab.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.arsmagica2:witchwoodSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.arsmagica2.wizardChalk.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Wizard's Chalk Rune
fe.protection.interact.backpacks16840.backpack_block.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Backpack
fe.protection.interact.backpacks16840.backpack_block164.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.backpack_block164.name
fe.protection.interact.backpacks16840.quantum_chest.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Quantum Chest
fe.protection.interact.backpacks16840.quantum_chest164.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Quantum Chest (Imported from 1.6.4)
fe.protection.interact.chancecubes.Chance_Cube.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Chance Cube
fe.protection.interact.chancecubes.Chance_Icosahedron.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Chance Icosahedron
fe.protection.interact.chancecubes.Compact_Giant_Chance_Cube.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Compact Giant Chance Cube
fe.protection.interact.chancecubes.Cube_Dispenser.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Chance Cube Dispenser
fe.protection.interact.chancecubes.Giant_Chance_Cube.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Chance Cube
fe.protection.interact.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.interact.chisel.andesite.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Anti Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Chisel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.beacon.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Beacon
fe.protection.interact.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Brick Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Bronze
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Floor Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cloud.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cloud
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.copperblock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Copper
fe.protection.interact.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diorite.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.dirt.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.end_Stone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fantasy Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.futura.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Futura Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Futura Circuit
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glowstone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.gold2.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.chisel.gold_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.granite.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Granite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.grimstone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Grimstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Hex Plating
fe.protection.interact.chisel.holystone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Holystone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron2.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lavastone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lavastone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.leadblock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Lead
fe.protection.interact.chisel.leaves.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.nation.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.chisel.netherrack.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.obsidian.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.paperwall.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Paperwall
fe.protection.interact.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Paperwall Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.present.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Present
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.purpur.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.rebel.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Rebellious Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.road_line.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Road Lines
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.interact.chisel.silverblock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Silver
fe.protection.interact.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.steelblock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Steel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical3.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical4.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.templeblock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Temple Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.tinblock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Tin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch1.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch10.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch3.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch4.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch5.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch6.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch7.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch8.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch9.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.tyrian.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Tyrian
fe.protection.interact.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Uranium
fe.protection.interact.chisel.valentines.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Valentines Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.warningSign.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Warning Sign
fe.protection.interact.chisel.waterstone.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Waterstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Woolen Clay
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.audioCable.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Audio Cable
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.camera.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Camera
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.chatBox.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Chat Box
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.cipher.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cipher Block
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.colorfulLamp.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.detector.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Detector - Digital
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.digitalControllerBox.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Digital Signal Controller Box
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.digitalReceiverBox.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Digital Signal Receiver Box
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.ironNoteBlock.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Note Block
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.locomotiveRelay.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.radar.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Radar
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.speaker.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Speaker
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.speechBox.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Speech Box
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.tapeReader.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Tape Drive
fe.protection.interact.computronics.computronics.ticketMachine.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ticket Machine
fe.protection.interact.cookingbook.cookingoven.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cooking Oven
fe.protection.interact.cookingbook.cookingtable.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cooking Table
fe.protection.interact.cookingbook.fridge.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fridge
fe.protection.interact.cookingbook.sink.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sink
fe.protection.interact.cookingbook.toaster.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cookingbook:toaster.name
fe.protection.interact.cookingbook.toolrack.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Tool Rack
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcBanner.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Banner
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcBarrel.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Barrel
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcBeam.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Beam
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcBigSign.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Big Sign
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcBloodBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Block
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcBook.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Book
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcBorder.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Border
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcCampfire.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Campfire
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcCampfireUnlit.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Campfire
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcCandle.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Candle
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcCandleUnlit.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Lamp
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcCarpentyBench.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Carpentry Bench
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcChair.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Chair
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcCouchWood.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Couch
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcCouchWool.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Wool Couch
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcCrate.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Crate
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcCrystalBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcLamp.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lamp
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcLampUnlit.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Candle
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcMailbox.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mailbox
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcPedestal.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcPlaceholder.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.npcPlaceholder.name
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcRedstoneBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Block
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcShelf.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Shelf
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcSign.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcStool.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stool
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcTable.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Table
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcTallLamp.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Tall Lamp
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcTombstone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tombstone
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcWallBanner.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Wall Banner
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcWaypoint.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Location Quest Block
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcWeaponRack.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Weapon Rack
fe.protection.interact.deepresonance.blockResonating.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Resonating Plate Block
fe.protection.interact.deepresonance.crystalizerBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Crystalizer
fe.protection.interact.deepresonance.denseGlass.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dense Glass
fe.protection.interact.deepresonance.denseObsidian.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dense Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.deepresonance.energyCollectorBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Collector
fe.protection.interact.deepresonance.generatorBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Generator
fe.protection.interact.deepresonance.generatorControllerBlock.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Generator Controller
fe.protection.interact.deepresonance.laserBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Infusing Laser
fe.protection.interact.deepresonance.lensBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lens
fe.protection.interact.deepresonance.machineFrame.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Machine Frame
fe.protection.interact.deepresonance.oreResonating.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Resonating Ore
fe.protection.interact.deepresonance.pedestalBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.deepresonance.poisonedDirt.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Poisoned Dirt
fe.protection.interact.deepresonance.purifierBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Purifier
fe.protection.interact.deepresonance.resonatingCrystalBlock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Resonating Crystal
fe.protection.interact.deepresonance.smelterBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Smelter
fe.protection.interact.deepresonance.tankBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tank
fe.protection.interact.deepresonance.valveBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Valve
fe.protection.interact.denseores.block0.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.denseores:block0.name
fe.protection.interact.denseores.block1.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.denseores:block1.name
fe.protection.interact.dimdoors.Dimensional_Door.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Door
fe.protection.interact.dimdoors.Fabric_of_Reality.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fabric of Reality
fe.protection.interact.dimdoors.Fabric_of_RealityPerm.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Eternal Fabric
fe.protection.interact.dimdoors.Golden_Dimensional_Door.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Dimensional Door
fe.protection.interact.dimdoors.Golden_Door.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Door
fe.protection.interact.dimdoors.Personal_Dimensional_Door.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Personal Dimensional Door
fe.protection.interact.dimdoors.Quartz_Door.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Door
fe.protection.interact.dimdoors.Rift.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Rift
fe.protection.interact.dimdoors.Transdimensional_Trapdoor.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Transdimensional Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.dimdoors.Unraveled_Fabric.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Unraveled Fabric
fe.protection.interact.dimdoors.Unstable_Door.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Unstable Door
fe.protection.interact.dimdoors.Warp_Door.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Warp Door
fe.protection.interact.dimdoors.transientDoor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Transient Door
fe.protection.interact.entity                                                                 # (default: true) Allow interacting with entities (villagers, dogs, horses)
fe.protection.interact.fossil.AnubiteStatue.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Anubite Statue
fe.protection.interact.fossil.amberOre.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Amber Ore
fe.protection.interact.fossil.analyzer.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Analyzer
fe.protection.interact.fossil.analyzerActive.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Analyzer
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientChest.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientGlass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Glass
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientStone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientStoneSlab.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientStoneSlabDouble.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ancientStoneSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientStoneStairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientStonebrick.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone Brick
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientWood.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Wood
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientWoodPillar.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Wood Pillar
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientWoodPlate.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Wooden Plate
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientWoodSlab.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Wood Slab
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientWoodSlabDouble.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ancientWoodSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.fossil.ancientWoodStairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Wooden Stairs
fe.protection.interact.fossil.anu_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Anu Statue
fe.protection.interact.fossil.anu_portal.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Portal to the Lair of Darkness
fe.protection.interact.fossil.bubbleMachine.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Bubble Blower
fe.protection.interact.fossil.cultureVat.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Culture Vat
fe.protection.interact.fossil.cultureVatActive.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Culture Vat
fe.protection.interact.fossil.denseSand.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dense Sand
fe.protection.interact.fossil.feederActive.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Feeder
fe.protection.interact.fossil.feederIdle.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Feeder
fe.protection.interact.fossil.fernBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Fern
fe.protection.interact.fossil.figurine.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Figurine
fe.protection.interact.fossil.fossil.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Fossil
fe.protection.interact.fossil.fossil_drum.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Drum
fe.protection.interact.fossil.fossilworkbench.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Archeology Workbench
fe.protection.interact.fossil.home_portal.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Overworld Portal
fe.protection.interact.fossil.icedStone.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Iced Stone
fe.protection.interact.fossil.obsidianSpikes.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian Spikes
fe.protection.interact.fossil.palaeorapheLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Palaeoraphe Leaves
fe.protection.interact.fossil.palaeorapheLog.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Palaeoraphe Log
fe.protection.interact.fossil.palaeoraphePlanks.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Palaeoraphe Planks
fe.protection.interact.fossil.palaeorapheSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Palaeoraphe Sapling
fe.protection.interact.fossil.palaeorapheSlab.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Palaeoraphe Slab
fe.protection.interact.fossil.palaeorapheSlabDouble.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Palaeoraphe Slab
fe.protection.interact.fossil.palaeorapheStairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Palaeoraphe Stairs
fe.protection.interact.fossil.permafrost.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Permafrost
fe.protection.interact.fossil.plant_bennettitales_large.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tall Bennettitales
fe.protection.interact.fossil.plant_bennettitales_small.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bennettitales
fe.protection.interact.fossil.plant_cephalotaxus.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cephalotaxus
fe.protection.interact.fossil.plant_crataegus.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Crataegus
fe.protection.interact.fossil.plant_dillhoffia.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dillhoffia
fe.protection.interact.fossil.plant_ephedra.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ephedra
fe.protection.interact.fossil.plant_florissantia.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Florissantia
fe.protection.interact.fossil.plant_horsetail_large.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Tall Horsetail
fe.protection.interact.fossil.plant_horsetail_small.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Horsetail
fe.protection.interact.fossil.plant_licopodiophyta.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lycopodiophyta
fe.protection.interact.fossil.plant_mutant.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Failure Plant
fe.protection.interact.fossil.plant_osmunda.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Osmunda
fe.protection.interact.fossil.plant_paleopanax.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Foozia
fe.protection.interact.fossil.plant_sarracina.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sarracenia 
fe.protection.interact.fossil.plant_tempskya.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Tempskya
fe.protection.interact.fossil.plant_vaccinium.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Vaccinium
fe.protection.interact.fossil.plant_welwitschia.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Welwitschia
fe.protection.interact.fossil.plant_zamites.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Zamites
fe.protection.interact.fossil.sarcophagus.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mysterious Sarcophagus
fe.protection.interact.fossil.sifter.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sifter
fe.protection.interact.fossil.sifterActive.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sifter
fe.protection.interact.fossil.skullBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Skull
fe.protection.interact.fossil.skullLantern.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Skull Lantern
fe.protection.interact.fossil.slimeTrail.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Failuresaurus Trail
fe.protection.interact.fossil.strongGlass.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Glass
fe.protection.interact.fossil.tar.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Tar
fe.protection.interact.fossil.timeMachine.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Time Machine
fe.protection.interact.fossil.vaseAmphora.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.vaseAmphora.name
fe.protection.interact.fossil.vaseKylix.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.vaseKylix.name
fe.protection.interact.fossil.vaseVolute.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.vaseVolute.name
fe.protection.interact.fossil.volcanicAsh.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Volcanic Ash
fe.protection.interact.fossil.volcanicBrick.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Volcanic Brick
fe.protection.interact.fossil.volcanicRock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Volcanic Rock
fe.protection.interact.fossil.volcanicSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Volcanic Slab
fe.protection.interact.fossil.volcanicSlabDouble.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Volcanic Slab
fe.protection.interact.fossil.volcanicStairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Volcanic Stairs
fe.protection.interact.fossil.workbenchActive.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Archeology Workbench
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT DNA Extractor
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mutatron
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid DNA
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Mutagen
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Protein
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Animal Trap
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Apiary
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Beehive
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Berry Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.churn.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Churn
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cutting Board
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Desert Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fish Trap
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Gourd Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ground Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Herb Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Leafy Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.market.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Market
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.oven.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Oven
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Almond
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Apple
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Apricot
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Avocado
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Banana
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cashew
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Chestnut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Coconut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Date
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dragonfruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Durian
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fig
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Goosberry
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Grapefruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Lemon
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Lime
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mango
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Wood
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Nutmeg
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Olive
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Orange
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Papaya
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Peach
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pear
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pecan
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Peppercorn
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Persimmon
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pistachio
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Plum
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pomegranate
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Starfruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Walnut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Almond Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Banana Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Barley Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Bean Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Beet Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT White Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Green Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Red Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Black Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Carrot Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Celery Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Corn Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cotton Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Date Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Durian Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fig Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Garlic Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ginger Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Holiday Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lamington
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Leek Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Mango Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Oats Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Okra Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Olive Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Onion Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pavlova
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Peach Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Peanut Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pear Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Peas Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Plum Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Radish Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Rice Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Rye Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Scallion Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Soybean Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Spinach Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Tomato Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Turnip Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pot.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pot
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Presser
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.quern.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Quern
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.salt.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Salt Ore
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.sink.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sink.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Stalk Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Textile Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tropical Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Water Garden
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.aeDecoration.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.immersiveintegration:aeDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.extendablePost.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Extendable Wooden Post
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.extendedPost.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Post Extension
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.inductionCharger.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.immersiveintegration:inductionCharger.name
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.industrialCokeOven.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Coke Oven
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.itemRobin.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Item Robin
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.meDenseTransformer.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT ME Dense Transformer
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.meDenseWireConnector.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT ME Dense Wire Connector
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.meTransformer.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT ME Transformer
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.meWireConnector.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT ME Wire Connector
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.redstoneWireConnector.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Wire Connector
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.steelDecoration.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.immersiveintegration:steelDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.steelTrapdoor.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Activator Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.air.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.air.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.anvil.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Anvil
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.beacon.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Beacon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bed.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Bed
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bedrock
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cactus.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cake.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cake
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carpet.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carrots.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carrots
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chest.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.clay.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Coal Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cocoa
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.command_block.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dead Bush
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Detector Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Diamond
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dirt.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Dispenser
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_plant.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dragon Egg
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dropper.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dropper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Emerald
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT End Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.farmland.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Farmland
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fire.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.furnace.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Booster Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.grass.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gravel.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Gravel
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hay Bale
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hopper.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Hopper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ice.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jukebox
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ladder.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ladder
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lava.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lever.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log2.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Melon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Monster Spawner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mycelium
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Wart
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Note Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.planks.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Planks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.portal.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Potatoes
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.diode.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.rail.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Dust
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.reeds.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Sugar cane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sand.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sapling.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.skull.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skull.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Sand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sponge.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sponge
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sticky Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_button.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Grass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tnt.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT TNT
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.torch.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Trapped Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.diode.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.vine.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Vines
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.water.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.web.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cobweb
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wheat.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Crops
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wool.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.interact.mod_Invasion.blockNexus.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Nexus
fe.protection.interact.necromancy.Altar_Building_Block.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Altar Building Block.name
fe.protection.interact.necromancy.FlowingBlood.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Flowing Blood
fe.protection.interact.necromancy.Sewing_Machine.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sewing Machine
fe.protection.interact.necromancy.Summoning_Altar.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Summoning Altar
fe.protection.interact.necromancy.skullWall.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skullWall.name
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.CamoDummy.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CamoDummy.name
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.CamoGate.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Secret Gate
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.GhostBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ghost Block
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.OneWayGlass.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT One-Way Glass
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretCamoButton.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SecretButton.name
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretCamoLever.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Secret lever
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretCamoRedstone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Secret Redstone
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretChest.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Secret Chest
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretHeavyPlate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Secret Weighted Plate (heavy)
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretIronDoorBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Secret Iron Door
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretLightDetector.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Secret Light Detector
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretLightPlate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Secret Weighted Plate (light)
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretPlayerPlate.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Secret Player Plate
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretPressurePlate.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Secret Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretStair.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Secret Stairs
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretTrapDoor.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Secret TrapDoor
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretTrappedChest.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Secret Trapped Chest
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SecretWoodenDoorBlock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Secret Wooden Door
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.SolidAir.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Solid Air
fe.protection.interact.secretroomsmod.TorchLever.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch Lever
fe.protection.interact.telepads.telepad.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT TelePad
fe.protection.interact.vending.vendingMachine.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Vending Block
fe.protection.interact.vending.vendingMachineAdvanced.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Vending Block
fe.protection.interact.vending.vendingMachineMultiple.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Multiple Vending Block
fe.protection.interact.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.interact.witchery.alluringskull.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Alluring Skull
fe.protection.interact.witchery.altar.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Altar
fe.protection.interact.witchery.artichoke.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Water Artichoke
fe.protection.interact.witchery.barrier.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Barrier
fe.protection.interact.witchery.beartrap.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Beartrap
fe.protection.interact.witchery.belladonna.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Belladonna
fe.protection.interact.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Crucible
fe.protection.interact.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.interact.witchery.bloodrose.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Poppy
fe.protection.interact.witchery.bramble.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.brazier.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Brazier
fe.protection.interact.witchery.brew.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.brewgas.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.brewliquid.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cactus.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.witchery.candelabra.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Candelabra
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cauldron.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.witchery.chalice.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Chalice
fe.protection.interact.witchery.circle.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Heart Glyph
fe.protection.interact.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.interact.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.interact.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.interact.witchery.clever.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.witchery.coffinblock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Coffin
fe.protection.interact.witchery.crittersnare.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Critter Snare
fe.protection.interact.witchery.crystalball.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Ball
fe.protection.interact.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Door
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sun Collector
fe.protection.interact.witchery.decursedirected.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.interact.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.interact.witchery.demonheart.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Demon Heart
fe.protection.interact.witchery.disease.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Disease
fe.protection.interact.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Distillery
fe.protection.interact.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Distillery
fe.protection.interact.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dream Weaver
fe.protection.interact.witchery.embermoss.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ember Moss
fe.protection.interact.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.interact.witchery.force.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Solid
fe.protection.interact.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fume Funnel
fe.protection.interact.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Garlic Garland
fe.protection.interact.witchery.garlicplant.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Garlic
fe.protection.interact.witchery.glintweed.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Glint Weed
fe.protection.interact.witchery.glowglobe.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Glow Globe
fe.protection.interact.witchery.grassper.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Grassper
fe.protection.interact.witchery.hollowtears.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icedoor.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Door
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icefence.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Fence
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icefencegate.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Gate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.iceslab.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icestairs.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icestockade.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.infinityegg.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Infinity Egg
fe.protection.interact.witchery.kettle.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Kettle
fe.protection.interact.witchery.leapinglily.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Leaping Lily
fe.protection.interact.witchery.leechchest.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Leech Chest
fe.protection.interact.witchery.light.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.lilypad.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lilypad.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mandrake.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mandrake
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mindrake.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Minedrake
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mirror
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mirror
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mirror Surface
fe.protection.interact.witchery.perpetualice.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.interact.witchery.pitdirt.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.witchery.pitgrass.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Grass
fe.protection.interact.witchery.placeditem.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.plantmine.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.interact.witchery.refillingchest.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Chest
fe.protection.interact.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.interact.witchery.scarecrow.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Scarecrow
fe.protection.interact.witchery.shadedglass.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.silvervat.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Silver Vat
fe.protection.interact.witchery.slurp.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowbell.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Snowbell
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowslab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowstairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.somniancotton.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.interact.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Spanish Moss
fe.protection.interact.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.interact.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.interact.witchery.spiritportal.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Spirit Portal
fe.protection.interact.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Alder Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.interact.witchery.statueofworship.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.interact.witchery.stockade.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.tormentportal.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Torment Portal
fe.protection.interact.witchery.tormentstone.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Torment Stone
fe.protection.interact.witchery.trent.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Trent Effigy
fe.protection.interact.witchery.vine.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Vine
fe.protection.interact.witchery.voidbramble.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Void Bramble
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wallgen.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.web.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Web
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Witches Oven
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Witches Oven
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchleaves.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchlog.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchsapling.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchsladder.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchwood.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wolf Altar
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wolfhead.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Wolf Head
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wolfsbane
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wolftrap.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Wolftrap
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wormwood.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Wormwood
fe.protection.place.*                                                                         # (default: true) Allow placing blocks
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.channelValve.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:channelValve.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropAllium.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Allium
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropAum.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Aum
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropAurigold.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Aurigold
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBlack.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Black Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBlue.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Blue Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBrown.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Brown Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaCyan.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Cyan Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaGray.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Gray Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaGreen.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Green Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLightBlue.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Light Blue Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLightGray.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Light Gray Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLime.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Lime Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaMagenta.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Magenta Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaOrange.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Orange Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaPink.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Pink Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaPurple.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Purple Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaRed.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Red Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaWhite.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mystical White Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaYellow.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Yellow Flower
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropCactus.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropCarrot.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carrot
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropCerublossom.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropCerublossom.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropCuprosia.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cuprosia
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropDaisy.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Daisy
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropDandelion.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dandelion
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropDesertNova.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropDesertNova.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropDiamahlia.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Diamahlia
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropEmeryllis.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Emeryllis
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropFerranium.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ferranium
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropJaslumine.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Jaslumine
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropLapender.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lapender
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropNiccissus.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Niccissus
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropNitorWart.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Nitor Wart
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropOrchid.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Orchid
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropOsmonium.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Osmonium
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropPetinia.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Petinia
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropPlatiolus.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Platiolus
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropPlombean.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Plombean
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropPoppy.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Poppy
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropPotato.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Potato
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropQuartzanthemum.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Quartzanthemum
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropRedstodendron.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstodendron
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropShroomBrown.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Brown Mushroom
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropShroomRed.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Red Mushroom
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropSilverweed.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Silverweed
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropSugarcane.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sugarcane
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropTarmaRoot.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropTarmaRoot.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropTulipOrange.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Orange Tulip
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropTulipPink.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pink Tulip
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropTulipRed.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Red Tulip
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropTulipWhite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE White Tulip
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.cropWakebloom.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropWakebloom.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.crops.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Crop Sticks
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.fence.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:fence.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.fenceGate.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:fenceGate.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.grate.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:grate.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.peripheral.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Computer Controlled Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.seedAnalyzer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.seedStorage.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:seedStorage.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.sprinkler.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sprinkler
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.waterChannel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:waterChannel.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.waterChannelFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:waterChannelFull.name
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.waterPad.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Water Pad
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.waterPadFull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Water Pad
fe.protection.place.AgriCraft.waterTank.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:waterTank.name
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShips.balloon.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Air Balloon
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShips.buffer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Shore Buffer
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShips.crate_wood.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crate
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShips.engine.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Steam Engine
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShips.floater.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Floater
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShips.gauge.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Measurement Gauges
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShips.marker.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ship's Helm
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShips.seat.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Passenger Seat
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Armor Stand
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Desk Bell
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Painting Press
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Printing Press
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodClock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodcase.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWooddesk.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodrack.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodtable.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.place.BinnieCore.storage.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.alchemyCatalyst.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.alfheimPortal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.altGrass.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.altar.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Altar
fe.protection.place.Botania.avatar.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.bellows.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.bellows.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.bifrost.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.bifrostPerm.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.bifrostPermPane.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA0Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA0Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA0Wall.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA10Slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA10Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA11Slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA11Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA12Slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA12Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA13Slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA13Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA14Slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA14Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA15Slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA15Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA1Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA1Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA2Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA2Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA3Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA3Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA4Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA4Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA5Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA5Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA6Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA6Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA7Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA7Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA8Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA8Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA9Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA9Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB0Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB0Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB1Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB1Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB2Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB2Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB3Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB3Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB4Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB4Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB5Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB5Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB6Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB6Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB7Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB7Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.blazeBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.brewery.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.buriedPetals.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.cacophoniumBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.cellBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.cocoon.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.conjurationCatalyst.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.corporeaCrystalCube.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.corporeaFunnel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.corporeaIndex.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.corporeaInterceptor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.corporeaRetainer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick0Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick0SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick0Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick1Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick1SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick1Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick2Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick2SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick2Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick3Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick3SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick3Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dirtPath.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirtPath.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dirtPath0Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirtPath0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dirtPath0SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirtPath0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.distributor.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.place.Botania.doubleFlower1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.doubleFlower2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood0Wall.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood1Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood1SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood1Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.elfGlass.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.elfGlassPane.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.enchantedSoil.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.enchanter.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Enchanter
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick0Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick0Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick2Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick2Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.enderEyeBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.fakeAir.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.felPumpkin.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.floatingSpecialFlower.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.flower.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.place.Botania.forestDrum.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.forestEye.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.gaiaHeadBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.gaiaHeadBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.ghostRail.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.hourglass.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.incensePlate.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.lightLauncher.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.lightRelay.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock0Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock0SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock0Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock0Wall.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock1Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock1SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock1Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood0Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood0SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood0Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood0Wall.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood1Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood1SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood1Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaBeacon.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaBeacon.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaBomb.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaDetector.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaFlame.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaGlass.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaGlassPane.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaVoid.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.miniIsland.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.mushroom.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.Botania.openCrate.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement0Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement0SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement0Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement1Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement1SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement1Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement2Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement2SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement2Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement3Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement3SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement3Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement4Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement4SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement4Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement5Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement5SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement5Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.petalBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pistonRelay.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.platform.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.platform.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pool.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pool.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prism.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.prism.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine0Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine0SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine0Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine0Wall.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine1Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine1SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine1Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine2Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine2SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine2Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pump.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pump.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pylon.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabDarkFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabDarkHalf.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabElfFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabElfHalf.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabManaFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabManaHalf.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabRedFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabRedHalf.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsBlaze.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsDark.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsElf.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsLavender.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsMana.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsRed.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsSunny.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeBlaze.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeDark.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeElf.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeLavender.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeMana.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeRed.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeSunny.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.redStringComparator.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.redStringContainer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.redStringDispenser.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.redStringFertilizer.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.redStringInterceptor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.redStringRelay.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.reedBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.reedBlock0Slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.reedBlock0SlabFull.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.reedBlock0Stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.reedBlock0Wall.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.rfGenerator.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.root.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.root.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.runeAltar.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.seaLamp.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.seaLamp.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerrock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerrock0Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerrock0SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerrock0Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shinyFlower.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.solidVine.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.sparkChanger.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.spawnerClaw.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.specialFlower.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.spreader.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.starfield.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone0Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone0SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone0Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone0Wall.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone10Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone10Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone10SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone10Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone10Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone11Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone11Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone11SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone11Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone11Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone1Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone1SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone1Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone2Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone2SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone2Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone3Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone3SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone3Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone8Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone8Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone8SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone8Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone8Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone9Slab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone9Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone9SlabFull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone9Stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone9Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.storage.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.terraPlate.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.teruTeruBozu.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.thatch.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.thatch0Slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.thatch0SlabFull.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.thatch0Stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.tinyPlanetBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.tinyPotato.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.turntable.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.unstableBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.unstableBlock.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Architect Table
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Builder
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Construction Mark
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Filler
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Frame
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Electronic Library
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Quarry
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.buildToolBlock.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Land Mark
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Path Mark
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fuel
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Oil
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockRedPlasma.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Auto Workbench
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Chute
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Flood Gate
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mining Well
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pump
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Requester
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Zone Planner
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Infusing Laser
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Recipe Packager
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pipeBlock.name
fe.protection.place.CCLights2.CCLBigMonitor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE External Monitor
fe.protection.place.CCLights2.CCLGPU.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE GPU
fe.protection.place.CCLights2.CCLMonitor.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Monitor
fe.protection.place.CCLights2.CCLTTrans.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tablet Transmitter
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.CC-Cable.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Networking Cable
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.CC-Computer.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Computer
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.CC-Peripheral.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.computercraft:peripheral.name
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.CC-Turtle.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleAdvanced.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleExpanded.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.place.ComputerCraft.command_computer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Command Computer
fe.protection.place.DimensionalControl.customPortal.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.customPortal.name
fe.protection.place.EnderZoo.blockConcussionCharge.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Concussion Charge
fe.protection.place.EnderZoo.blockConfusingCharge.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Confusing Charge
fe.protection.place.EnderZoo.blockEnderCharge.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ender Charge
fe.protection.place.ExtraBees.alveary.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.alveary.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraBees.ectoplasm.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ectoplasm
fe.protection.place.ExtraBees.hive.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_baldcypress.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bald Cypress Quarter Log
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_fir.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fir Quarter Log
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_oak.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Oak Quarter Log
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_rainboweucalyptus.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Rainbow Eucalyptus Quarter Log
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_redwood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Quarter Log
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.door_acacia.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Door
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.door_autumn.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Autumn Door
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.door_baldcypress.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Baldcypress Door
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.door_cypress.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cypress Door
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.door_fir.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fir Door
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.door_japanesemaple.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Japanese Maple Door
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.door_rainboweucalyptus.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rainbow Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.door_redwood.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Door
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.door_sakura.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Door
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.double_slabRedRock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.redrockslab.name
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.double_woodslab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.woodslab.name
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.double_woodslab2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.woodslab.name
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.fence.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.fence.name
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_acacia.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_autumn.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Autumn Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_baldcypress.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Baldcypress Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_cypress.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cypress Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_fir.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fir Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_japanesemaple.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Japanese Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_rainboweucalyptus.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Rainbow Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_redwood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_sakura.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.flower1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.flower.name
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.flower2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.flower.name
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.flower3.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.flower.name
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.grass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.tallgrass.name
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.leaf_pile.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Leaf Pile
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.leaves_1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.leaves.name
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.leaves_2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.leaves.name
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.leaves_3.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.leaves.name
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.leaves_4.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.leaves.name
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.log1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.log.name
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.log2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.newlog.name
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.log_elbow_baldcypress.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bald Cypress Elbow Log
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.log_elbow_rainbow_eucalyptus.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Rainbow Eucalyptus Elbow Log
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.mini_log_1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.log.name
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.planks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.planks.name
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.plants4.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cattail
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.quicksand.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Quicksand
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.redrockbrick.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Red Rock Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.saplings_1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.saplings_2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.slabRedRock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.redrockslab.name
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.acacia.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.autumn.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Autumn Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.baldcypress.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bald Cypress Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.cypress.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cypress Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.fir.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.japanesemaple.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Japanese Maple Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.rainboweucalyptus.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rainbow Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.redwood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.sakurablossom.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.stairsRedCobble.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Red Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.terrain_blocks1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.redrock.name
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.terrain_blocks2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Sand
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.tile.extrabiomes.crop.strawberry.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Strawberries
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.vines.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Gloriosa
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.wall.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.wall.name
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.waterplant1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.waterplant.name
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.woodslab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.woodslab.name
fe.protection.place.ExtrabiomesXL.woodslab2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.woodslab.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.alveary.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.apicultureChest.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.apicultureChest.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.beehives.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.candle.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.core.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.engine.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.factory.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.factory2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fences.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fencesFireproof.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fencesFireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ethanol
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Biomass
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Glass
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Crushed Ice
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Juice
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.mead.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Seed Oil
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Short Mead
fe.protection.place.Forestry.leaves.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.logs.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.logsFireproof.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logsFireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.mail.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.planks.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.planksFireproof.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planksFireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.pods.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.resources.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.slabs.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.slabsDouble.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabsDouble.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.slabsDoubleFireproof.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabsDoubleFireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.slabsFireproof.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabsFireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.soil.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.stairs.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.stairsFireproof.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairsFireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.stump.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.place.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.place.ForgeRelocation.relocation.blockmovingrow.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.relocation.blockmovingrow.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.slabGCDouble.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabGCDouble.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.slabGCHalf.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabGCHalf.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockFrame.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Air Lock Frame
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockSeal.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Air Lock Seal
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.aluminumWire.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Aluminum Wire
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.arclamp.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Arc Lamp
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.breatheableAir.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.breatheableAir.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightAir.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.brightAir.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightBreathableAir.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.brightBreathableAir.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.cargo.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.cargo.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.cheeseBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Cheese
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.dish.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Communications Dish
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.distributor.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.dummyblock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.dummyblock.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.enclosed.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.enclosed.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.fallenMeteor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fallen Meteor
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.fuelLoader.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fuel Loader
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.gcBlockCore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.gcBlockCore.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.glowstoneTorch.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPad.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.landingPad.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPadFull.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Launch Pad
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine2.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.machineTiered.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.machineTiered.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.moonBlock.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBricksStairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Moon Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonStoneStairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Moon Rock Stairs
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCollector.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Collector
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCompressor.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oxygenCompressor.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenDetector.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Detector
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenPipe.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Pipe
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.parachest.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Parachest
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.refinery.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.rocketWorkbench.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE NASA Workbench
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.sealer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Sealer
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.solar.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.solar.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.spaceStationBase.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Space Station arrival block
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.spinThruster.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spin Thruster
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.telemetry.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Telemetry Unit
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.treasureChest.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.viewScreen.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Display Screen
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftCore.tile.wallGC.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.wallGC.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.asteroidsBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.asteroidsBlock.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReceiver.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Energy Beam Receiver
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReflector.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Energy Beam Reflector
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.cavernVines.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.creeperEgg.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Creeper Egg
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.denseIce.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dense Ice
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.hydrogenPipe.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hydrogen Pipe
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.mars.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.mars.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsCobblestoneStairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Mars Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsDungeonBricksStairs.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Mars Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachine.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.marsMachine.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachineT2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.marsMachineT2.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBase.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBaseFull.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.minerBaseFull.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.slimelingEgg.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.slimelingEgg.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.sludge.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadFake.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.telepadFake.name
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadShort.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Short Range Telepad
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tier 2 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT3.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tier 3 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkway.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Walkway
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayOxygenPipe.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Walkway
fe.protection.place.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayWire.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Walkway
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft.grc.fenceRope.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fence with Rope
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft.grc.netherBrickFenceRope.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fence with Rope (Nether Brick)
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft.grc.ropeBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Rope
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft.grccore.BlockFluidSaltWater.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Salt Water
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft.grccore.salt_block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Salt Block
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Apple
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.0.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Apple Juice
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.3.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.4.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Silken Nectar
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.5.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.6.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleLeaves.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Apple Leaves
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleSapling.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoor.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Door
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoubleSlab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFence.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFenceGate.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFenceRope.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Fence with Rope
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooLeaves.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Leaves
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooScaffold.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Scaffold
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooShoot.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooSingleSlab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStalk.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooWall.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Wall
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.name
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Botania.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Botania.name
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Fireproof.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Fireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Normal.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Normal.name
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Fireproof.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Fireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Normal.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Normal.name
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BlockFluidHoney.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeBox.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Minecraft.name
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeHive.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bee Hive
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.0.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mead Must
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.3.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.4.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.5.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.6.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.brewKettle.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Brew Kettle
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentBarrel.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fermentation Barrel
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentJar.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Culture Jar
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPress.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mechanical Press
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPresser.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mechanical Press
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Fishtrap.grc.fishTrap.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fish Trap
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grapes
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeLeaves.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Grape Leaves
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine0.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grape Trunk
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grape Trunk
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.0.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Grape Juice
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.3.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.4.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ambrosia
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.5.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Port Wine
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.6.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.7.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.0.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.3.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ale Wort
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.4.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.5.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.6.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.7.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.8.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopVine.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Hops
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.0.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.3.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.4.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.5.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.6.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidButterMilk.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Butter Milk
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidCream.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cream
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidCurds.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Milk Curds
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidMilk.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidPasteurizedMilk.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Pasteurized Milk
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidRennet.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Rennet
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidSkimMilk.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Skim Milk
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidWhey.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Whey
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.ButterChurn.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Butter Churn
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheeseBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Block
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheesePress.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Press
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheeseVat.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Vat
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.HangingCurds.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hanging Curds
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.0.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Kumis
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Kumis
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Kumis
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.3.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Kumis
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.4.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Kumis
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.5.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vile Milk
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.Pancheon.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pancheon
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.Thistle.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Thistle
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.paddyField.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Rice Paddy
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rice
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.0.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sake Moromi
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.3.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.4.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Divine Sake
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.5.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.place.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.6.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.place.HardcoreQuesting.item_barrel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Quest Delivery System
fe.protection.place.HardcoreQuesting.quest_portal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.hqm:quest_portal.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreQuesting.quest_tracker.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Quest Tracking System
fe.protection.place.IC2.ChargePad-Classic.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.chargePad.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.Converter.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.LuminatorMultipartBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Luminator (Multi Part)
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.cableBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.constructionFoam.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Construction Foam
fe.protection.place.IC2.constructionFoamWall.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWall.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.constructionFoamWallTextured.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWallTextured.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.crop.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Crop
fe.protection.place.IC2.dynamiteStick.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.dynamiteStickWithRemote.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.industrialTNT.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Industrial TNT
fe.protection.place.IC2.ironFence.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Iron Fence
fe.protection.place.IC2.ironScaffold.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Scaffold
fe.protection.place.IC2.luminator.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Luminator
fe.protection.place.IC2.miningPipe.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.place.IC2.miningPipeTip.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.place.IC2.nuke.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Nuke
fe.protection.place.IC2.reactorChamber.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.reinforcedDoorBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDoorAlloy.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.reinforcedGlass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Glass
fe.protection.place.IC2.reinforcedStone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.place.IC2.resinBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Resin Sheet
fe.protection.place.IC2.rubberLeaves.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.IC2.rubberSapling.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Tree Sapling
fe.protection.place.IC2.rubberTrampoline.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Sheet
fe.protection.place.IC2.rubberWood.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Wood
fe.protection.place.IC2.scaffold.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Scaffold
fe.protection.place.IC2.uraniumOre.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Uranium Ore
fe.protection.place.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlLight.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IC2NuclearControl.networkLink.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE ME Network Monitor
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmibisPeripherals.lanwire.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ImmibisPeripherals.peripherals.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.place.LogisticsPipes.logisticsPipeBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE LogisticsPipes Pipe Block
fe.protection.place.LogisticsPipes.logisticsSolidBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.MCFrames.mcframes.frame.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Frame
fe.protection.place.MCFrames.mcframes.motor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.mcframes.motor.name
fe.protection.place.MagicBees.effectJar.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bee Collector's Jar
fe.protection.place.MagicBees.hive.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.place.MagicBees.magicApiary.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Magic Apiary
fe.protection.place.MagicBees.magicbees.enchantedEarth.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Earth
fe.protection.place.MagicBees.manaAuraProvider.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mana Apiary Booster
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Bounding Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.MachineBlock3.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Road
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Salt Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.biofuel.still.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE BioFuel
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.brick.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.decorative.brick.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.plastic.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Pipe
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.redstone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE RedNet Cable
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.chocolatemilk.still.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.conveyor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.conveyor.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.detcord.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE DetCord
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.farmland.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fertile Soil
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.laserair.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.laserair.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.0.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machine.0.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machine.1.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machine.2.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.machineblock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machineblock.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.still.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Meat
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.milk.still.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.mobessence.still.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Essence
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.mushroomsoup.still.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pink Slime Block
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.still.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pink Slime
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Plastic
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.dropoff.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cargo Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.pickup.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cargo Pickup Rail
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.dropoff.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Passenger Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.pickup.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Passenger Pickup Rail
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.logic.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Programmable RedNet Controller
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.panel.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.rednet.panel.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.road.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.road.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.leaves.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Leaves
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.log.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Wood
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.sapling.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Sapling
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.sewage.still.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sewage
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.sludge.still.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sludge
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.stainedglass.block.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.pane.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.stainedglass.pane.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.steam.still.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.stone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.decorative.stone.name
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.tank.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Tank
fe.protection.place.MineFactoryReloaded.vinescaffold.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Vine Scaffolding
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.alien_dirt.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.alien_dirt.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.alien_farmland.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.alien_farmland.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.alien_fence.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Alien Fence
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.alien_fence_gate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Alien Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.alien_glowstone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Alien Glowstone
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.alien_grass.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Alien Grass
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.alien_leaves.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.alien_leaves.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.alien_log.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Alien Wood
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.alien_planks.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Alien Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.alien_sapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Alien Sapling
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.alien_wood_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Alien Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.alphere_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Alphere Ore
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.ancient_dark_door_block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.ancient_dark_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.ancient_dark_fence_gate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Dark Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.ancient_dark_leaves.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ancient_dark_leaves.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.ancient_dark_wood_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.blue_candy_torch.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Blue Candy Torch
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.cake_bread.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cake Bread
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.cake_farmland.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.cake_farmland.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.candy_cane1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.candy_cane1.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.candy_cane2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.candy_cane2.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.candy_extractor_active.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.candy_extractor_active.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.candy_extractor_idle.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Candy Extractor
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.candy_flower.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.candy_flower.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.caramel_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Caramel Block
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.caramel_cup.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.caramel_cup.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.caramel_fluid.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.caramel_fluid.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.cavern_oyster_close.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cavern Oyster
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.cavern_oyster_open.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cavern Oyster
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.cheese_gas.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Gas Block
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.cheese_glass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Glass
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.cheese_glass_pane.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.cheese_of_milk_cake.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cheese of Milk Cake
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.cheese_of_milk_cup.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.cheese_of_milk_cup.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.cheese_of_milk_fluid.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cheese of Milk
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.cheese_sandstone_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.cheese_slime_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Slime Block
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.cheese_slime_egg.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Slime Egg
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.cheese_web.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Web
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.chiseled_quontonium_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Quontonium Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.chocolate_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Block
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.chocolate_cake.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Cake
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.chocolate_cake_bread.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Cake Bread
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.chocolate_cream_layer.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Cream
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.chondrite_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.chondrite_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.coconut_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Block
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.coconut_door_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.coconut_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.coconut_fence_gate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.coconut_milk_cup.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.coconut_milk_cup.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.coconut_milk_fluid.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Milk
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.coconut_wood_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.cookie_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cookie Block
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.cream_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.cream_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.cream_head.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.cream_head.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.crystal_dirt.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.crystal_dirt.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.crystal_door_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.crystal_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.crystal_farmland.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.crystal_farmland.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.crystal_fence.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Fence
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.crystal_fence_gate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.crystal_leaves.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Leaves
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.crystal_log.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.crystal_log.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.crystal_planks.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Wooden Planks
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.crystal_sapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Sapling
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.crystal_segment.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Segment
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.crystal_wood_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.cup_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.cup_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.dark_air.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.dark_air.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.dark_asteroid_block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.dark_asteroid_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.dark_asteroid_quicksand.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dark Asteroid Quicksand
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.deimos_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.deimos_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.diona_ancient_chest.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Diona Ancient Chest
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.diona_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.diona_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.diona_cobblestone_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Diona Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.diona_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Diona Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.diona_treasure_chest.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tier 4 Diona Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.dirty_water_fluid.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirty_water_fluid.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.double_europa_sandstone_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_europa_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.double_fronos_sandstone_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_fronos_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.double_venus_sandstone_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_venus_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.dungeon_brick_double_slab1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.dungeon_brick_double_slab1.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.dungeon_brick_double_slab2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.dungeon_brick_double_slab2.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.dungeon_brick_half_slab1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.dungeon_brick_half_slab1.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.dungeon_brick_half_slab2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.dungeon_brick_half_slab2.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.eledos_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Eledos Egg
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.europa_door_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.europa_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.europa_fence.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Europa Fence
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.europa_fence_gate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Europa Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.europa_geyser.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.europa_geyser.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.europa_ice.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.europa_ice.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.europa_ice_slush.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Europa Ice Slush
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.europa_leaves.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.europa_leaves.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.europa_log.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.europa_log.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.europa_planks.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Europa Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.europa_salt.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Europa Salt
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.europa_sand.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Europa Sand
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.europa_sandstone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.europa_sandstone.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.europa_sandstone_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Europa Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.europa_sapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Europa Sapling
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.europa_snow_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Europa Snow
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.europa_snow_layer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Europa Snow
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.europa_water_bomb.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Europa Water Bomb
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.europa_water_fluid.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.europa_water_fluid.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.europa_wood_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Europa Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fallen_ice_crystal_meteor.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fallen Ice Crystal Meteor
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fallen_koentus_meteor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fallen Koentus Meteor
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fallen_polongnius_meteor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fallen Polongnius Meteor
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.flonium_torch.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Flonium Torch
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronisium_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fronisium Block
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronisium_tnt.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Fronisium TNT
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_ancient_chest.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fronos Ancient Chest
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_block1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_block1.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_cloud.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_cloud.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_cobblestone_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fronos Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_coral.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_coral.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_cracked_stone_brick_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Fronos Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_dandelion.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_dandelion.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_dirt.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_dirt.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fronos Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_farmland.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_farmland.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_fence.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_fence.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_flower.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_flower.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_grass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fronos Grass
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_leaves.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_leaves.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_leaves2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_leaves2.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_log.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_log.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_ore.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_ore_block.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_ore_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_poppy.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_poppy.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_sand.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_sand.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_sandstone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_sandstone.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_sandstone_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fronos Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_sapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_sapling.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_stone_brick_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fronos Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_tallgrass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_tallgrass.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_treasure_chest.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tier 7 Fronos Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.fronos_wooden_planks.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_wooden_planks.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.frosted_cake_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.frosted_cake_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.frozen_methane_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Frozen Methane Block
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.frozen_nitrogen_block.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Frozen Nitrogen Block
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.frozen_water_fluid.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Frozen Water
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.frozen_water_geyser.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Frozen Water Geyser
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.glass_gem_corn1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.glass_gem_corn1.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.glass_gem_corn2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.glass_gem_corn2.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.glass_gem_corn3.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.glass_gem_corn3.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.glowing_ice_stone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.glowing_ice_stone.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.golden_grass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Golden Grass
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.golden_wheat.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.golden_wheat.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.green_candy_torch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Green Candy Torch
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.half_europa_sandstone_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.half_europa_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.half_fronos_sandstone_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.half_fronos_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.half_venus_sandstone_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.half_venus_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.helium_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Helium Block
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.huge_sky_mushroom.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.huge_sky_mushroom.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.ichorius_torch.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ichorius Torch
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.icy_poison_crystal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Icy Poison Crystal
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.infected_cavernous_vine.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Infected Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.infected_dirt.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.infected_dirt.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.infected_grass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Infected Grass
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.infected_vine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Infected Vines
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.infected_worm_egg.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Infected Worm Egg Rock
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.infected_zombie_egg.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Infected Zombie Egg
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.io_black_lava.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.io_black_lava.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.io_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.io_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.io_lava.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.io_lava.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.io_magma_rock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.io_magma_rock.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.jelly_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.jelly_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.jelly_slime_egg.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.jelly_slime_egg.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_ancient_chest.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Kapteyn B Ancient Chest
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_ancient_chest_temp.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.kapteyn-b_ancient_chest_temp.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.kapteyn-b_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_cobblestone_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Kapteyn B Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Kapteyn B Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_ice.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.kapteyn-b_ice.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_treasure_chest.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tier 8 Kapteyn B Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.koentus_ancient_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Koentus Ancient Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.koentus_ancient_chest.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Koentus Ancient Chest
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.koentus_ancient_stone_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Koentus Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.koentus_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.koentus_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.koentus_cobblestone_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Koentus Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.koentus_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Koentus Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.koentus_ice.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.koentus_ice.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.koentus_treasure_chest.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tier 4 Koentus Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.lemon_cream_layer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lemon Cream
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.light_blue_candy_torch.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Candy Torch
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.liquid_brown_sulfur.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.liquid_brown_sulfur.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.liquid_methane_fluid.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.liquid_methane_fluid.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.liquid_nitrogen_fluid.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.liquid_nitrogen_fluid.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.liquid_orange_sulfur.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.liquid_orange_sulfur.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.liquid_red_sulfur.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.liquid_red_sulfur.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.liquid_yellow_sulfur.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.liquid_yellow_sulfur.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.magma_rock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Magma Rock
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.maple_ivy.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Maple Ivy
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.mercury_ancient_chest.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Ancient Chest
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.mercury_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.mercury_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.mercury_cobblestone_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.mercury_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.mercury_ice.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dirty Mercury Ice
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.mercury_treasure_chest.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.metallic_rock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Metallic Rock
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.mineral_water_cup.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.mineral_water_cup.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.mineral_water_fluid.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mineral Water
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.mineral_water_generator.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mineral Water Generator (WIP)
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.minion_creeper_egg.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Creeper Minion Egg
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.mossy_fronos_cobblestone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Fronos Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.mp_dungeon_brick_wall.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.mp_dungeon_brick_wall.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.mp_stone_double_slab1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.mp_stone_double_slab1.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.mp_stone_double_slab2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.mp_stone_double_slab2.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.mp_stone_half_slab1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.mp_stone_half_slab1.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.mp_stone_half_slab2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.mp_stone_half_slab2.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.mp_wall.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.mp_wall.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.mp_wood_double_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.mp_wood_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.mp_wood_half_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.mp_wood_half_slab.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.nibiru_ancient_chest.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Nibiru Ancient Chest
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.nibiru_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.nibiru_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.nibiru_cobblestone_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Nibiru Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.nibiru_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Nibiru Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.nibiru_farmland.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.nibiru_farmland.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.nibiru_fence.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.nibiru_fence.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.nibiru_log.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.nibiru_log.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.nibiru_planks.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.nibiru_planks.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.nibiru_sapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.nibiru_sapling.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.nibiru_treasure_chest.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tier 6 Nibiru Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.null.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.oil_rock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.oil_rock.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.orange_candy_torch.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Orange Candy Torch
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.orange_cream_layer.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Orange Cream
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.orange_door_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.orange_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.orange_fence_gate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Orange Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.orange_leaves.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.orange_leaves.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.orange_wood_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Orange Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.ovantine_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ovantine Block
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.ovantine_cup.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ovantine_cup.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.ovantine_fluid.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ovantine
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.packed_europa_ice.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Packed Europa Ice
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.phobos_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.phobos_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.pink_cake.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pink Cake
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.pink_candy_torch.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pink Candy Torch
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.pink_grass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pink Grass
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.plains_grass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Plains Grass
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.pluto_ancient_chest.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Ancient Chest
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.pluto_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pluto_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.pluto_cobblestone_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.pluto_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.pluto_treasure_chest.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.polongnius_ancient_chest.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Polongnius Ancient Chest
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.polongnius_block.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.polongnius_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.polongnius_cobblestone_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Polongnius Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.polongnius_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Polongnius Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.polongnius_treasure_chest.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tier 5 Polongnius Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.power_crystal_generator.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Power Crystal Generator
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.purple_candy_torch.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Purple Candy Torch
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.purple_grass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Purple Grass
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.quontonium_brick_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Quontonium Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.red_candy_torch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Red Candy Torch
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.red_maple_door_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.red_maple_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.red_maple_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.red_maple_wood_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Maple Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.rocky_soild_water.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Rocky Solid Water
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.sirius-b_ancient_chest.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sirius B Ancient Chest
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.sirius-b_cobblestone_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sirius B Carbon Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.sirius-b_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Sirius B Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.sirius-b_treasure_chest.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tier 8 Sirius B Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.sirius_blaze_egg.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sirius Blaze Egg
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.sirius_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.sirius_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.sirius_fire.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.sirius_fire.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.sirius_glowstone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sirius Glowstone
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.sirius_lava.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.sirius_lava.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.sirius_obsidian.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sirius Obsidian
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.sirius_redstone_lamp.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sirius Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.sirius_redstone_lamp_on.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.sirius_redstone_lamp_on.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.space_decoration_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.space_decoration_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.space_mossy_cobblestone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.space_mossy_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.space_oyster_close.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Space Oyster
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.space_oyster_open.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Space Oyster
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.space_potato_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.space_potato_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.space_shell.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.space_shell.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.strawberry_cream_layer.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Strawberry Cream
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.strawberry_crops.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.strawberry_crops.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.sulfur_torch.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sulfur Torch
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.tea_cream_layer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tea Cream
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.tea_cup.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tea_cup.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.tea_fluid.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tea
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.tinted_glass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinted_glass.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.tinted_glass_pane.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinted_glass_pane.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.ultra_violet_solar_panel.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ultra Violet Solar Panel
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.uranium_bomb.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Uranium Bomb
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.uranium_waste.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.uranium_waste.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.vanilla_cream_layer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Cream
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.venus_ancient_chest.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Venus Ancient Chest
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.venus_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.venus_block.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.venus_cobblestone_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Venus Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.venus_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Venus Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.venus_magma_rock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Venus Magma Rock
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.venus_redstone_ore.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Venus Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.venus_redstone_ore_active.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.venus_redstone_ore_active.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.venus_sand.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Venus Sand
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.venus_sandstone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.venus_sandstone.name
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.venus_sandstone_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Venus Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.venus_smoke_geyser.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Venus Smoke Geyser
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.venus_treasure_chest.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tier 3 Venus Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.venusian_blaze_egg.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Venusian Blaze Egg
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.white_cake.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE White Cream Cake
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.white_cake_bread.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE White Cream Cake Bread
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.white_crystal_torch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE White Crystal Torch
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.white_sandstone_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE White Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.xeonium_glowstone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Xeonium Glowstone
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.xeonium_torch.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Xeonium Torch
fe.protection.place.MorePlanet.yellow_candy_torch.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Candy Torch
fe.protection.place.NetherOres.netherOresBlockHellfish.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherores.hellfish.name
fe.protection.place.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.0.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherores.ore.0.name
fe.protection.place.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherores.ore.1.name
fe.protection.place.OCS.basicProximitySensor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Proximity Sensor
fe.protection.place.OCS.gauge.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Gauge
fe.protection.place.OCS.sensor.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sensor
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Auto Anvil
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bear Trap
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Big Button
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block Placer
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block Breaker
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Item Cannon
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Canvas
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glass Canvas
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Donation Station
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Drawing Table
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Elevator
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fan
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Flag
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Golden Egg
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grave
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Building Guide
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Healer
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Item Dropper
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Paint Can
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Paint Mixer
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Path
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Height Map Projector
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rope Ladder
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Scaffolding
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sky Block
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sprinkler
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Target
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Trophy
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Village Highlighter
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE XP Bottler
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE XP Drain
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE XP Shower
fe.protection.place.OpenPeripheral.glassesbridge.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Terminal Glasses Bridge
fe.protection.place.OpenPeripheral.peripheralproxy.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Peripheral Proxy
fe.protection.place.OpenPeripheral.pim.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE PIM
fe.protection.place.OpenPeripheral.selector.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Item Selector
fe.protection.place.OpenPeripheral.sensor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sensor
fe.protection.place.OpenPeripheral.ticketmachine.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.place.PeripheralsPlusPlus.aiChatBox.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE AI Chat Box
fe.protection.place.PeripheralsPlusPlus.antenna.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Antenna
fe.protection.place.PeripheralsPlusPlus.beeAnalyzer.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bee Analyzer
fe.protection.place.PeripheralsPlusPlus.butterflyAnalyzer.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Butterfly Analyzer
fe.protection.place.PeripheralsPlusPlus.chatBox.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Chat Box
fe.protection.place.PeripheralsPlusPlus.dummyBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.peripheralsplusplus:dummyBlock.name
fe.protection.place.PeripheralsPlusPlus.environmentScanner.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Environment Scanner
fe.protection.place.PeripheralsPlusPlus.interactiveSorter.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Interactive Sorter
fe.protection.place.PeripheralsPlusPlus.meBridge.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE ME Bridge
fe.protection.place.PeripheralsPlusPlus.noteBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Iron Note Block
fe.protection.place.PeripheralsPlusPlus.oreDictionary.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ore Dictionary
fe.protection.place.PeripheralsPlusPlus.peripheralContainer.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Peripheral Container
fe.protection.place.PeripheralsPlusPlus.playerInterface.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Player Interface
fe.protection.place.PeripheralsPlusPlus.playerSensor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Player Sensor
fe.protection.place.PeripheralsPlusPlus.resupplyStation.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Resupply Station
fe.protection.place.PeripheralsPlusPlus.rfCharger.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Turtle Charger (RF)
fe.protection.place.PeripheralsPlusPlus.speaker.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Speaker
fe.protection.place.PeripheralsPlusPlus.teleporter.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Turtle Teleporter
fe.protection.place.PeripheralsPlusPlus.teleporterT2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Turtle Teleporter
fe.protection.place.PeripheralsPlusPlus.timeSensor.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Time Sensor
fe.protection.place.PeripheralsPlusPlus.treeAnalyzer.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tree Analyzer
fe.protection.place.PeripheralsPlusPlus.turtle.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.place.PortalGun.Portal_BlockMulti.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Portal Multiblock - Don't use this
fe.protection.place.PortalGun.Portal_BlockPortal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Portal Half - Don't use this
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine1.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine2.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.airousLight.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.illumination.airousLight.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lamp.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.alchemical_chest.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Alchemical Chest
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.collector_mk1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Energy Collector MK1
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.collector_mk2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Energy Collector MK2
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.collector_mk3.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Energy Collector MK3
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.condenser_mk1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Energy Condenser
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.condenser_mk2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Energy Condenser MK2
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.dm_furnace.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.dm_furnace_lit.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.dm_pedestal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dark Matter Pedestal
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.fuel_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pe_fuel_block.name
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.interdiction_torch.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.matter_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pe_matter_block.name
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.nova_cataclysm.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Nova Cataclysm
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.nova_catalyst.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Nova Catalyst
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.relay_mk1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Anti-Matter Relay MK1
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.relay_mk2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Anti-Matter Relay MK2
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.relay_mk3.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Anti-Matter Relay MK3
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.rm_furnace.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.rm_furnace_lit.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.place.ProjectE.transmutation_table.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Transmutation Table
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.cube.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.detector.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Creosote
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.frame.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.glass.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.ore.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.post.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.residual.heat.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Residual Heat
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.signal.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.slab.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.stair.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.track.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Track
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.advancedFluidDisplay.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Fluid Display
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.advancedItemCollector.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Item Collector
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.bloodMoonSensor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bloodmoon Sensor
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.dyeingMachine.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dyeing Machine
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.enderEnergyDistributor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ender Energy Distributor
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.energyDistributor.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Energy Distributor
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.fluidDisplay.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Display
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Imbuing Station
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.itemCollector.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Item Collector
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.notificationInterface.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Notification Interface
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Online Detector
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Player Interface
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Spectre Block
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.spectreGlass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Spectre Glass
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.wirelessLever.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Lever
fe.protection.place.StevesAddons.cable_ae.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Energistics Connector
fe.protection.place.StevesAddons.cable_rf.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE RF Node
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBUDName.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block Detector
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBreakerName.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Block Gate
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCamouflageName.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableClusterName.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCreativeName.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Creative Supplier
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableInputName.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableIntakeName.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableName.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Cable
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableOutputName.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableRelayName.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableSignName.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sign Updater
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockMachineManagerName.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.compDrawers.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.controller.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Drawer Controller
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.controllerSlave.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Controller Slave
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.framingTable.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Framing Table
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullCustom1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawer
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullCustom2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullCustom4.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers4.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.halfCustom2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.halfCustom4.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers4.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.trim.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.trim.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.trimCustom.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Framed Trim
fe.protection.place.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_0.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_16.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_32.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_48.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_64.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirForce.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Glass
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Workbench.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.workbench.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidAerotheum.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Resonant Ender
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Primal Mana
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidPetrotheum.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tectonic Petrotheum
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraPillar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraSlab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Slab
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.CastleBrick.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.CastleDoor.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.CastleDoorVanished.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.CastleMagic.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.CinderFurnaceIdle.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.CinderFurnaceLit.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.CinderLog.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.CinderLog.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.DarkLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.FluffyCloud.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.ForceField.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ForceField.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.GiantCobble.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLeaves.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Giant Leaves
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLog.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Giant Log
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.GiantObsidian.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.HugeGloomBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.HugeLilyPad.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.HugeStalk.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Huge Stalk
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.HugeWaterLily.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.KnightmetalBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.Slider.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.Slider.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFAuroraBrick.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Block
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFBossSpawner.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFBossSpawner.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFBurntThorns.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFCicada.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cicada
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFDeadrock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFDeadrock.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireJet.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFFireJet.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFFirefly.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Firefly
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireflyJar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Firefly Jar
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFHedge.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFHedge.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves3.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLeaves3.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFLog.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLog.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLeaves.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLog.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLog.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMazestone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMazestone.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMoonworm.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Moonworm
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFNagastone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFNagastone.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlank.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFPlank.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlant.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFPlant.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFPortal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFRoots.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFRoots.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFSapling.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFShield.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFShield.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFThornRose.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Thorn Rose
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFThorns.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFThorns.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerDevice.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerDevice.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerStone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerStone.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerTranslucent.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophy.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Forest Trophy
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophyPedestal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFUncraftingTable.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFUnderBrick.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFUnderBrick.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TrollBer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Trollber
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TrollSteinn.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Trollsteinn
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TrollVidr.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Trollvidr
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.UberousSoil.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Uberous Soil
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.UnripeTrollBer.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.WispyCloud.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.place.VeganOption.basin.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Basin
fe.protection.place.VeganOption.bedStraw.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Straw Bed
fe.protection.place.VeganOption.compost.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Compost
fe.protection.place.VeganOption.composter.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Composter
fe.protection.place.VeganOption.encrustedObsidian.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Encrusted Obsidian
fe.protection.place.VeganOption.enderRift.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ender Rift
fe.protection.place.VeganOption.fluidOilVegetable.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Vegetable Oil
fe.protection.place.VeganOption.fluidSoapSolution.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Soap Solution
fe.protection.place.VeganOption.inkBlack.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Black Vegetable Oil Ink
fe.protection.place.VeganOption.inkWhite.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE White Vegetable Oil Ink
fe.protection.place.VeganOption.juteBundled.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bundled Jute
fe.protection.place.VeganOption.jutePlant.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jute
fe.protection.place.VeganOption.kapok.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Kapok Block
fe.protection.place.VeganOption.lyeWater.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wood Ash Lye
fe.protection.place.VeganOption.plantMilk.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Plant Milk
fe.protection.place.VeganOption.rawEnder.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Raw Ender
fe.protection.place.Ztones.auroraBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Aurora
fe.protection.place.Ztones.booster.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Booster
fe.protection.place.Ztones.cleanDirt.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Garden Soil
fe.protection.place.Ztones.lampb.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.place.Ztones.lampf.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.place.Ztones.lampt.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.place.Ztones.stoneTile.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ztone Tile
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.agonBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.agonBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.azurBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.azurBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.bittBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.bittBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.crayBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.crayBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.fortBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.fortBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.glaxx.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.glaxx.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.iszmBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.iszmBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.jeltBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.jeltBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.korpBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.korpBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.krypBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.krypBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.lairBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.lairBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.laveBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.laveBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.mintBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.mintBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.mystBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.mystBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.redsBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.redsBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.reedBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.roenBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.roenBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.solsBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.solsBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.syncBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.syncBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.tankBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.vectBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.vectBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.venaBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.venaBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zaneBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.zaneBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zechBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.zechBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zestBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.zestBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zetaBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.zetaBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zionBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.zionBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zkulBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.zkulBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zoeaBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.zoeaBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zomeBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.zomeBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zoneBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.zoneBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zorgBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.zorgBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.ztylBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ztylBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Ztones.tile.zythBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.zythBlock.name
fe.protection.place.additionalpipes.chunkLoader.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Teleport Tether
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aechor_sprout.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Aechor Sprout
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aercloud.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.aercloud.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_3.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_4.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_5.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_6.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_7.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aerogel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Aerogel
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aerogel_double_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Aerogel Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aerogel_slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.aerogel_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aerogel_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Aerogel Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aerogel_wall.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Aerogel Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aether_dirt.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Aether Dirt
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aether_enchantment_table.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Aether Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aether_farmland.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Aether Farmland
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aether_grass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Aether Grass Block
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aether_portal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Aether Portal
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aether_tallgrass.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Aether Grass
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aether_tnt.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Aether TNT
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aether_tulips.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Aether Tulips
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aetheral_ambrosium_ore.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ambrosium Ore
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aetheral_arkenium_ore.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Arkenium Ore
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aetheral_continuum_ore.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Continuum Ore
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aetheral_gravitite_ore.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gravitite Ore
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Aetheralstone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_bricks.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Aetheral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_bricks_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Aetheral Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_double_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Aetheralstone Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.aetheral_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Aetheralstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_wall.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Aetheralstone Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.aetheral_zanite_ore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Zanite Ore
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.agiosite.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Agiosite
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.agiosite_ambrosium_ore.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ambrosium Ore
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.agiosite_arkenium_ore.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Arkenium Ore
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.agiosite_brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Agiosite Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.agiosite_bricks.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Agiosite Bricks
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.agiosite_continuum_ore.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Continuum Ore
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.agiosite_double_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Agiosite Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.agiosite_gravitite_ore.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gravitite Ore
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.agiosite_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.agiosite_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.agiosite_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Agiosite Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.agiosite_wall.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Agiosite Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.agiosite_zanite_ore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Zanite Ore
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.ambrosium_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ambrosium Block
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.ambrosium_ore.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ambrosium Ore
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.ambrosium_torch.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ambrosium Torch
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.amplifier.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Amplifier
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Carved Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone_double_slab.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ancient_carved_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ancient_carved_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ancient_carved_stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone_wall.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Carved Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.ancient_enchanter.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Enchanter
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.ancient_sentry_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Sentry Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.angelic_double_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Angelic Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.angelic_slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.angelic_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.angelic_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Angelic Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.angelic_stone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Angelic Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.angelic_trap.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Angelic Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.angelic_wall.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Angelic Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.arctic_grass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Arctic Grass Block
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.arkenium_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Arkenium Block
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.arkenium_ore.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Arkenium Ore
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.auralite_cluster_1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Auralite Bud
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.auralite_cluster_2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Auralite Cluster
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.auralite_pillar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Auralite Pillar
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.azure_holystone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Azure Holystone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.berry_bush.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mature Berry Bush
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.berry_bush_stem.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Large Berry Bush
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.block_of_auralite.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block Of Auralite
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.bloodmoss_stone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bloodmoss Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.blue_light_skyroot_leaves.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wisproot Leaves
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.blue_skyroot_leaves.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Blue Skyroot Leaves
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.blue_skyroot_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blue Skyroot Sapling
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.blue_swingtip.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Blue Swingtip
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.budding_auralite.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Budding Auralite
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.burstblossom.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Bust Blossom
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Caelestia Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone_double_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Caelestia Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.caelestia_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Caelestia Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone_wall.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Caelestia Stone Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.carrion_flower.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Carrion Flower
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carved Caelestia Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone_double_slab.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Carved Caelestia Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.carved_caelestia_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Carved Caelestia Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone_wall.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Carved Caelestia Stone Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.carved_double_slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Carved Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.carved_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.carved_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.carved_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Carved Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.carved_stone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Carved Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.carved_trap.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Carved Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.carved_wall.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Carved Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.cer_scales_block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Elysian Dragon Scale Block
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.chest_mimic.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Chest Mimic
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.coldfire.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cold Fire
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.continuum_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Continuum Block
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.continuum_ore.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Continuum Ore
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.cracked_oblitus_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Oblitus Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.creeping_stone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Creeping Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.crystal_fruit_leaves.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Fruit Leaves
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.crystal_leaves.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Leaves
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.crystal_sapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Sapling
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.dark_blue_skyroot_leaves.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Blue Skyroot Leaves
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.dark_blue_skyroot_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Blue Skyroot Sapling
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.decorated_holiday_leaves.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Decorated Holiday Leaves
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.deific.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Deific
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.deific_ambrosium_ore.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ambrosium Ore
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.deific_arkenium_ore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Arkenium Ore
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.deific_brick_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Deific Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.deific_bricks.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Deific Bricks
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.deific_continuum_ore.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Continuum Ore
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.deific_double_slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Deific Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.deific_gravitite_ore.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Gravitite Ore
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.deific_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.deific_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.deific_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Deific Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.deific_wall.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Deific Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.deific_zanite_ore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Zanite Ore
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Divine Angelic Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone_double_slab.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Divine Angelic Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.divine_angelic_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Divine Angelic Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone_wall.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Divine Angelic Stone Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_trap.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Divine Angelic Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Divine Carved Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone_double_slab.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Divine Carved Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.divine_carved_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Divine Carved Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone_wall.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Divine Carved Stone Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.divine_carved_trap.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Divine Carved Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.divine_enchantment_table.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Divine Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.divine_grass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Divine Grass Block
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Divine Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone_double_slab.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Divine Hellfire Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.divine_hellfire_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Divine Hellfire Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone_wall.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Divine Hellfire Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.divine_light_angelic_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Divine Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.divine_light_hellfire_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Divine Light Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.divine_sentry_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Divine Sentry Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.divineral_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block Of Divineral
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_aether_farmland.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Aether Farmland
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_aether_grass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Aether Grass Block
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_aether_tallgrass.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Aether Grass
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_aether_tulips.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Aether Tulips
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Aetheralstone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_bricks.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Aetheral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_double_slab.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Aetheralstone Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_slab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchanted_aetheral_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_stairs.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Aetheralstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_wall.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Aetheralstone Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Agiosite
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_brick_double_slab.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Agiosite Brick Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_brick_slab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchanted_agiosite_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_brick_stairs.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Agiosite Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_brick_wall.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Agiosite Brick Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_bricks.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Agiosite Bricks
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_double_slab.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Agiosite Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchanted_agiosite_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Agiosite Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_wall.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Agiosite Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Deific
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_bricks.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Deific Bricks
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_double_slab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Deific Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchanted_deific_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Deific Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_wall.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Deific Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_gravitite.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Gravitite
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Holystone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_bricks.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Holystone Bricks
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_double_slab.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Holystone Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchanted_holystone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Holystone Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_wall.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Holystone Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanted_quickshoot.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Quickshoot
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.enchanter.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Enchanter
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.ethereal_torch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Torch
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.freezer.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Freezer
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.frozen_quicksoil.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Frozen Quicksoil
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.frozen_quicksoil_glass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Frozen Quicksoil Glass
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.fuse_double_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fuse Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.fuse_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fuse_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.fuse_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fuse Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.fuse_stone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Fuse Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.fuse_trap.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fuse Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.fuse_trap_2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Creeping Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.fuse_wall.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fuse Stone Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.gale_double_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Gale Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.gale_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.gale_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.gale_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Gale Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.gale_stone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Gale Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.gale_trap.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Gale Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.gale_wall.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Gale Stone Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.genesis_double_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Genesis Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.genesis_slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.genesis_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.genesis_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Genesis Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.genesis_stone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Genesis Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.genesis_trap.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Genesis Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.genesis_wall.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Genesis Stone Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.glowing_icestone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glowing Icestone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.golden_oak_bookshelf.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Golden Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.golden_oak_double_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Golden Oak Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.golden_oak_fence.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Golden Oak Fence
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.golden_oak_fruit_leaves.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Golden Oak Fruit Leaves
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.golden_oak_gate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Golden Oak Gate
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.golden_oak_leaves.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Golden Oak Leaves
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.golden_oak_log.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Golden Oak Wood
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.golden_oak_log_wall.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Golden Oak Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.golden_oak_planks.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Golden Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.golden_oak_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Golden Oak Sapling
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.golden_oak_slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.golden_oak_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.golden_oak_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Golden Oak Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.golden_oak_trapdoor.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Golden Oak Wood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.grape_tree_mature.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mature Grape Tree
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.grape_tree_stage_one.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Grape Tree Stem
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.grape_tree_stage_two.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Grape Tree Stem
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.gravitite_ore.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Gravitite Ore
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.greatroot_double_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.greatroot_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.greatroot_fence.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Greatroot Fence
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.greatroot_fence_gate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Greatroot Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.greatroot_log.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Greatroot Wood
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.greatroot_log_wall.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Greatroot Log Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.greatroot_planks.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Greatroot Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.greatroot_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Greatroot Sapling
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.greatroot_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.greatroot_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.greatroot_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Greatroot Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.greatroot_trapdoor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Greatroot Wood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.green_aercloud.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Green Aercloud
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.green_light_skyroot_leaves.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Greatroot Leaves
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.hellfire.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Hell Fire
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.hellfire_double_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hellfire Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.hellfire_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.hellfire_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.hellfire_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hellfire Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.hellfire_stone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.hellfire_torch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Hellfire Torch
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.hellfire_trap.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.hellfire_wall.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Hellfire Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.holiday_leaves.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Holiday Leaves
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.holiday_sapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Holiday Sapling
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.holystone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Holystone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.holystone_brick.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Holystone Brick
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.holystone_brick_double_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Holystone Brick Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.holystone_brick_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.holystone_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.holystone_brick_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Holystone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.holystone_brick_wall.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Holystone Brick Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.holystone_double_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Holystone Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.holystone_lever.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Holystone Lever
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.holystone_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.holystone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.holystone_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Holystone Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.holystone_wall.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Holystone Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.icestone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Icestone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.incubator.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Incubator
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.inebriation_aercloud.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Inebriation Aercloud
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.large_orange_tree.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Large Orange Tree
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.light_angelic_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.light_gale_stone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Light Gale Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.light_genesis_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Light Genesis Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.light_hellfire_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Light Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.locked_ancient_carved_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Carved Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.locked_ancient_sentry_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Sentry Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.locked_angelic_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Angelic Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.locked_carved_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carved Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.locked_creeping_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Locked Creeping Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.locked_divine_angelic_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Locked Divine Angelic Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.locked_divine_carved_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Divine Carved Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.locked_divine_hellfire_stone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Locked Divine Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.locked_divine_light_angelic_stone.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Locked Divine Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.locked_divine_light_hellfire_stone.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Locked Divine Light Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.locked_divine_sentry_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Divine Sentry Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.locked_fuse_stone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Locked Fuse Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.locked_gale_stone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gale Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.locked_genesis_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Genesis Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.locked_hellfire_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.locked_light_angelic_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.locked_light_gale_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Light Gale Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.locked_light_genesis_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Genesis Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.locked_light_hellfire_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.locked_mythic_angelic_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Angelic Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.locked_mythic_carved_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Carved Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.locked_mythic_light_angelic_stone.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.locked_mythic_sentry_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Sentry Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.locked_sentry_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sentry Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.luminous_stone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Luminous Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.mature_orange_tree.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mature Orange Tree
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.medium_blueberry_bush.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Medium Blueberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.medium_orange_tree.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Medium Orange Tree
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.medium_raspberry_bush.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Medium Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.medium_strawberry_bush.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Medium Strawberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.moonlit_bloom.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Moonlit Bloom
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Holystone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone_double_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Holystone Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.mossy_holystone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Holystone Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone_wall.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Holystone Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Angelic Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone_double_slab.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Angelic Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.mythic_angelic_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Angelic Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone_wall.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Angelic Stone Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Carved Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone_double_slab.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Carved Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.mythic_carved_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Carved Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone_wall.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Carved Stone Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.mythic_light_angelic_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.mythic_sentry_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Sentry Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.neverbloom.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Neverbloom
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.notch_holystone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Notched Holystone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.oblitus_stone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Oblitus Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.pillar.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pillar
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.pillar_top.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pillar Top
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.pink_aercloud.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pink Aercloud
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.present.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Present
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.primeval_artifact.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Primeval Artifact
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.protector_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Protector Block
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.purple_aercloud.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Purple Aercloud
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.purple_flower.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Purple Flower
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.purple_skyroot_fruit_leaves.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Purple Skyroot Fruit Leaves
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.purple_skyroot_leaves.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Purple Skyroot Leaves
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.purple_skyroot_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Purple Skyroot Sapling
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.quickshoot.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Quickshoot
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.quicksoil.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Quicksoil
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.quicksoil_glass.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Quicksoil Glass
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.raspberry_bush.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mature Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.raspberry_bush_stem.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Large Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.reinforced_arkenium_block.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Block of Arkenium
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.sentry_stone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sentry Stone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.skyroot_bed.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Bed
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.skyroot_bookshelf.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.skyroot_chest.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Chest
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.skyroot_double_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Double Slab
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.skyroot_fence.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Fence
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.skyroot_fence_gate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.skyroot_ladder.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Ladder
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.skyroot_leaves.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Leaves
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.skyroot_log.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Wood
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.skyroot_log_wall.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Log Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.skyroot_planks.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.skyroot_sapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Sapling
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.skyroot_slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.skyroot_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.skyroot_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.skyroot_trapdoor.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.skyroot_workbench.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.small_blueberry_bush.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Small Blueberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.small_orange_tree.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Small Orange Tree
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.small_raspberry_bush.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Small Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.small_strawberry_bush.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Small Strawberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.songstone_side.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Songstone
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.storm_aercloud.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Storm Aercloud
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.strawberry_bush.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mature Strawberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.strawberry_bush_stem.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Large Straberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.sun_altar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sun Altar
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.treasure_chest.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.verdant_grass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Verdant Grass Block
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.void_double_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.void_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.void_fence.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Void Wood Fence
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.void_fence_gate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Void Wood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.void_fruit_leaves.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Void Fruit Leaves
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.void_leaves.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Void Leaves
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.void_log.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Void Wood
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.void_log_wall.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Void Log Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.void_planks.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Void Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.void_sapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Void Sapling
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.void_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.void_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.void_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Void Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.void_trapdoor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Void Wood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.white_flower.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE White Flower
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.white_rose.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE White Rose
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.wisproot_double_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.wisproot_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.wisproot_fence.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wisproot Fence
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.wisproot_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wisproot Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.wisproot_log.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wisproot Wood
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.wisproot_log_wall.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wisproot Log Wall
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.wisproot_planks.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wisproot Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.wisproot_sapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wisproot Sapling
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.wisproot_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.wisproot_slab.name
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.wisproot_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wisproot Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.wisproot_trapdoor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wisproot Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.zanite_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Zanite Block
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.zanite_ore.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Zanite Ore
fe.protection.place.aether_legacy.zanite_trapdoor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Zanite Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE ME Chest
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                # (default: true) PLACE ME Controller
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                           # (default: true) PLACE 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCrank.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crank
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE ME Drive
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockGrinder.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE ME IO Port
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Inscriber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE ME Interface
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Matrix Frame
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                        # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                               # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.Aum.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Aum
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.CraftingAltar.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Altar
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.InscriptionTable.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Inscription Table
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.ParticleEmitter.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Particle Emitter
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.SpellRune.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spell Rune
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.Summoner.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Summoner
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.TarmaRoot.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tarma Root
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.VinteumTorch.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vinteum Torch
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.WitchwoodLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Witchwood Leaves
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.WitchwoodLog.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Witchwood Log
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.arcaneDeconstructor.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Deconstructor
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.armorInfuser.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Armor Imbuement Table
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.astralBarrier.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Astral Barrier
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.blackAurem.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Black Aurem
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.blockArcaneReconstructor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Reconstructor
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.blockLectern.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lectern
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.blueOrchid.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cerublossom
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.brokenLinkBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Broken Power Link
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.calefactor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Calefactor
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.candle.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Placed Warding Candle
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.celestialPrism.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Prism
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.crystalMarker.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.arsmagica2:crystalMarker.name
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.desertNova.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Desert Nova
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.elementalAttuner.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Flicker Habitat
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.essenceConduit.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Etherium Conduit
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.essenceRefiner.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Essence Refiner
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.everstone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Everstone
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.flickerLure.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Flicker Lure
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.goldInlay.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gold Inlay
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.illusionBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.arsmagica2:illusionBlock.name
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.inertSpawner.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Inert Spawner
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.invisibleUtility.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.arsmagica2:invisibleUtility.name
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.ironInlay.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Iron Inlay
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.keystoneChest.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Keystone Chest
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.keystoneDoor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Keystone Door
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.keystoneReceptacle.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.keystoneTrapDoor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Keystone Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.liquidEssence.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Etherium
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.mageTorch.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mage Light
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.magicWall.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Magic Wall
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.magiciansWorkbench.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Magician's Workbench
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.manaBattery.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mana Battery
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.obelisk.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Obelisk
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.occulus.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Occulus
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.otherworldAura.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Otherworld Aura
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.planksWitchwood.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Witchwood Planks
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.redstoneInlay.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Inlay
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.saplingWitchwood.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Witchwood Sapling
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.seerStone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Seer Stone
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.slipstreamGenerator.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Slipstream Generator
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.spellSealedDoor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Spell-Sealed Door
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.stairsWitchwood.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Witchwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.vinteumOre.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.arsmagica2:ores.name
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.wakebloom.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wakebloom
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.witchwoodDoubleSlab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.arsmagica2:witchwoodDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.witchwoodSingleSlab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.arsmagica2:witchwoodSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.place.arsmagica2.wizardChalk.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wizard's Chalk Rune
fe.protection.place.backpacks16840.backpack_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Backpack
fe.protection.place.backpacks16840.backpack_block164.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.backpack_block164.name
fe.protection.place.backpacks16840.quantum_chest.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Chest
fe.protection.place.backpacks16840.quantum_chest164.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Chest (Imported from 1.6.4)
fe.protection.place.chancecubes.Chance_Cube.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Chance Cube
fe.protection.place.chancecubes.Chance_Icosahedron.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Chance Icosahedron
fe.protection.place.chancecubes.Compact_Giant_Chance_Cube.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Compact Giant Chance Cube
fe.protection.place.chancecubes.Cube_Dispenser.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Chance Cube Dispenser
fe.protection.place.chancecubes.Giant_Chance_Cube.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Giant Chance Cube
fe.protection.place.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.place.chisel.andesite.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.place.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Anti Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.place.chisel.beacon.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.place.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Brick Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Floor Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.cloud.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cloud
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.copperblock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Copper
fe.protection.place.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.diorite.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.place.chisel.dirt.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.end_Stone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fantasy Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.futura.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Futura Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Futura Circuit
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glowstone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.gold2.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.chisel.gold_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gold Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.granite.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.place.chisel.grimstone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grimstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.place.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hex Plating
fe.protection.place.chisel.holystone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Holystone
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron2.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Iron Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.lavastone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.place.chisel.leadblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lead
fe.protection.place.chisel.leaves.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Marble Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.nation.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.chisel.netherrack.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.obsidian.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.paperwall.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Paperwall
fe.protection.place.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Paperwall Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.present.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Present
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.purpur.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.rebel.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Rebellious Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.road_line.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Road Lines
fe.protection.place.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.place.chisel.silverblock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Silver
fe.protection.place.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.steelblock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Steel
fe.protection.place.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical4.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.templeblock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Temple Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.tinblock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tin
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch1.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch10.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch3.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch4.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch5.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch6.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch7.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch8.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch9.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.tyrian.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tyrian
fe.protection.place.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.place.chisel.valentines.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Valentines Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.warningSign.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Warning Sign
fe.protection.place.chisel.waterstone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Woolen Clay
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.audioCable.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Audio Cable
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.camera.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Camera
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.chatBox.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Chat Box
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.cipher.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cipher Block
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.colorfulLamp.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.detector.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Detector - Digital
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.digitalControllerBox.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Digital Signal Controller Box
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.digitalReceiverBox.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Digital Signal Receiver Box
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.ironNoteBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Iron Note Block
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.locomotiveRelay.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.radar.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Radar
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.speaker.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Speaker
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.speechBox.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Speech Box
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.tapeReader.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tape Drive
fe.protection.place.computronics.computronics.ticketMachine.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.place.cookingbook.cookingoven.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cooking Oven
fe.protection.place.cookingbook.cookingtable.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cooking Table
fe.protection.place.cookingbook.fridge.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fridge
fe.protection.place.cookingbook.sink.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sink
fe.protection.place.cookingbook.toaster.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.cookingbook:toaster.name
fe.protection.place.cookingbook.toolrack.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tool Rack
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcBanner.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Banner
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcBarrel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Barrel
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcBeam.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Beam
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcBigSign.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Big Sign
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcBloodBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Blood Block
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcBook.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Book
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcBorder.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Border
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcCampfire.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Campfire
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcCampfireUnlit.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Campfire
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcCandle.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Candle
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcCandleUnlit.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lamp
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcCarpentyBench.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Carpentry Bench
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcChair.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chair
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcCouchWood.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Couch
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcCouchWool.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wool Couch
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcCrate.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Crate
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcCrystalBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Crystal
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcLamp.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lamp
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcLampUnlit.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Candle
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcMailbox.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mailbox
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcPedestal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pedestal
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcPlaceholder.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.npcPlaceholder.name
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcRedstoneBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Block
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcShelf.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Shelf
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcSign.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcStool.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stool
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcTable.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Table
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcTallLamp.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tall Lamp
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcTombstone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tombstone
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcWallBanner.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Wall Banner
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcWaypoint.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Location Quest Block
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcWeaponRack.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Weapon Rack
fe.protection.place.deepresonance.blockResonating.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Resonating Plate Block
fe.protection.place.deepresonance.crystalizerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Crystalizer
fe.protection.place.deepresonance.denseGlass.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dense Glass
fe.protection.place.deepresonance.denseObsidian.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dense Obsidian
fe.protection.place.deepresonance.energyCollectorBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Energy Collector
fe.protection.place.deepresonance.generatorBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Generator
fe.protection.place.deepresonance.generatorControllerBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Generator Controller
fe.protection.place.deepresonance.laserBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Infusing Laser
fe.protection.place.deepresonance.lensBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lens
fe.protection.place.deepresonance.machineFrame.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Machine Frame
fe.protection.place.deepresonance.oreResonating.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Resonating Ore
fe.protection.place.deepresonance.pedestalBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pedestal
fe.protection.place.deepresonance.poisonedDirt.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Poisoned Dirt
fe.protection.place.deepresonance.purifierBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Purifier
fe.protection.place.deepresonance.resonatingCrystalBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Resonating Crystal
fe.protection.place.deepresonance.smelterBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Smelter
fe.protection.place.deepresonance.tankBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.place.deepresonance.valveBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Valve
fe.protection.place.denseores.block0.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:block0.name
fe.protection.place.denseores.block1.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:block1.name
fe.protection.place.dimdoors.Dimensional_Door.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Door
fe.protection.place.dimdoors.Fabric_of_Reality.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fabric of Reality
fe.protection.place.dimdoors.Fabric_of_RealityPerm.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Eternal Fabric
fe.protection.place.dimdoors.Golden_Dimensional_Door.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Golden Dimensional Door
fe.protection.place.dimdoors.Golden_Door.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Golden Door
fe.protection.place.dimdoors.Personal_Dimensional_Door.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Personal Dimensional Door
fe.protection.place.dimdoors.Quartz_Door.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Door
fe.protection.place.dimdoors.Rift.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Rift
fe.protection.place.dimdoors.Transdimensional_Trapdoor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Transdimensional Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.dimdoors.Unraveled_Fabric.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Unraveled Fabric
fe.protection.place.dimdoors.Unstable_Door.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unstable Door
fe.protection.place.dimdoors.Warp_Door.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Warp Door
fe.protection.place.dimdoors.transientDoor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Transient Door
fe.protection.place.fossil.AnubiteStatue.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Anubite Statue
fe.protection.place.fossil.amberOre.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Amber Ore
fe.protection.place.fossil.analyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Analyzer
fe.protection.place.fossil.analyzerActive.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Analyzer
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientChest.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientGlass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Glass
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientStone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientStoneSlab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientStoneSlabDouble.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ancientStoneSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientStoneStairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientStonebrick.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Brick
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientWood.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Wood
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientWoodPillar.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Wood Pillar
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientWoodPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Wooden Plate
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientWoodSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Wood Slab
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientWoodSlabDouble.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ancientWoodSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.place.fossil.ancientWoodStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Wooden Stairs
fe.protection.place.fossil.anu_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Anu Statue
fe.protection.place.fossil.anu_portal.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Portal to the Lair of Darkness
fe.protection.place.fossil.bubbleMachine.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bubble Blower
fe.protection.place.fossil.cultureVat.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Culture Vat
fe.protection.place.fossil.cultureVatActive.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Culture Vat
fe.protection.place.fossil.denseSand.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dense Sand
fe.protection.place.fossil.feederActive.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Feeder
fe.protection.place.fossil.feederIdle.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Feeder
fe.protection.place.fossil.fernBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Fern
fe.protection.place.fossil.figurine.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Figurine
fe.protection.place.fossil.fossil.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fossil
fe.protection.place.fossil.fossil_drum.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Drum
fe.protection.place.fossil.fossilworkbench.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Archeology Workbench
fe.protection.place.fossil.home_portal.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Overworld Portal
fe.protection.place.fossil.icedStone.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Iced Stone
fe.protection.place.fossil.obsidianSpikes.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Spikes
fe.protection.place.fossil.palaeorapheLeaves.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Palaeoraphe Leaves
fe.protection.place.fossil.palaeorapheLog.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Palaeoraphe Log
fe.protection.place.fossil.palaeoraphePlanks.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Palaeoraphe Planks
fe.protection.place.fossil.palaeorapheSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Palaeoraphe Sapling
fe.protection.place.fossil.palaeorapheSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Palaeoraphe Slab
fe.protection.place.fossil.palaeorapheSlabDouble.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Palaeoraphe Slab
fe.protection.place.fossil.palaeorapheStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Palaeoraphe Stairs
fe.protection.place.fossil.permafrost.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Permafrost
fe.protection.place.fossil.plant_bennettitales_large.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tall Bennettitales
fe.protection.place.fossil.plant_bennettitales_small.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bennettitales
fe.protection.place.fossil.plant_cephalotaxus.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cephalotaxus
fe.protection.place.fossil.plant_crataegus.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crataegus
fe.protection.place.fossil.plant_dillhoffia.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dillhoffia
fe.protection.place.fossil.plant_ephedra.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ephedra
fe.protection.place.fossil.plant_florissantia.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Florissantia
fe.protection.place.fossil.plant_horsetail_large.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tall Horsetail
fe.protection.place.fossil.plant_horsetail_small.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Horsetail
fe.protection.place.fossil.plant_licopodiophyta.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lycopodiophyta
fe.protection.place.fossil.plant_mutant.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Failure Plant
fe.protection.place.fossil.plant_osmunda.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Osmunda
fe.protection.place.fossil.plant_paleopanax.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Foozia
fe.protection.place.fossil.plant_sarracina.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sarracenia 
fe.protection.place.fossil.plant_tempskya.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tempskya
fe.protection.place.fossil.plant_vaccinium.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Vaccinium
fe.protection.place.fossil.plant_welwitschia.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Welwitschia
fe.protection.place.fossil.plant_zamites.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Zamites
fe.protection.place.fossil.sarcophagus.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mysterious Sarcophagus
fe.protection.place.fossil.sifter.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sifter
fe.protection.place.fossil.sifterActive.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sifter
fe.protection.place.fossil.skullBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Skull
fe.protection.place.fossil.skullLantern.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Skull Lantern
fe.protection.place.fossil.slimeTrail.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Failuresaurus Trail
fe.protection.place.fossil.strongGlass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Glass
fe.protection.place.fossil.tar.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tar
fe.protection.place.fossil.timeMachine.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Time Machine
fe.protection.place.fossil.vaseAmphora.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.vaseAmphora.name
fe.protection.place.fossil.vaseKylix.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.vaseKylix.name
fe.protection.place.fossil.vaseVolute.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.vaseVolute.name
fe.protection.place.fossil.volcanicAsh.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Ash
fe.protection.place.fossil.volcanicBrick.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Brick
fe.protection.place.fossil.volcanicRock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Rock
fe.protection.place.fossil.volcanicSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Slab
fe.protection.place.fossil.volcanicSlabDouble.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Slab
fe.protection.place.fossil.volcanicStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Stairs
fe.protection.place.fossil.workbenchActive.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Archeology Workbench
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE DNA Extractor
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.place.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.place.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mutatron
fe.protection.place.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.place.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Liquid DNA
fe.protection.place.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen
fe.protection.place.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Protein
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Animal Trap
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Apiary
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Beehive
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Berry Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.churn.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Churn
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cutting Board
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Desert Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fish Trap
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Gourd Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Grass Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ground Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Herb Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Leafy Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.market.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Market
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.oven.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oven
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Almond
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Apple
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Apricot
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Avocado
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Banana
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cashew
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cherry
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Coconut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Date
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Durian
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fig
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Goosberry
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lemon
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lime
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mango
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Maple Wood
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Olive
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Orange
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Papaya
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Peach
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pear
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pecan
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Plum
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Walnut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Barley Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Bean Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Beet Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE White Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Purple Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blue Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Brown Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Green Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Red Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Black Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Orange Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lime Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pink Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Celery Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Corn Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cotton Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Date Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Garlic Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ginger Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Grape Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lamington
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Leek Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Oats Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Okra Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Onion Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pavlova
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Peanut Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Peas Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Radish Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rice Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rye Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Scallion Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Soybean Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Spinach Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tomato Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Turnip Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pot.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pot
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Presser
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.quern.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Quern
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.salt.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Salt Ore
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.sink.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.sink.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Stalk Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Textile Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Water Garden
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.aeDecoration.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.immersiveintegration:aeDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.extendablePost.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Extendable Wooden Post
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.extendedPost.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Post Extension
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.inductionCharger.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.immersiveintegration:inductionCharger.name
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.industrialCokeOven.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Coke Oven
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.itemRobin.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Item Robin
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.meDenseTransformer.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE ME Dense Transformer
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.meDenseWireConnector.*                               # (default: true) PLACE ME Dense Wire Connector
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.meTransformer.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE ME Transformer
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.meWireConnector.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE ME Wire Connector
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.redstoneWireConnector.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Wire Connector
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.steelDecoration.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.immersiveintegration:steelDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.steelTrapdoor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Activator Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.air.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.air.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.anvil.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.place.minecraft.beacon.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bed.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bed
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cactus.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cake.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carpet.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carrots.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chest.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.clay.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.place.minecraft.command_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.place.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Detector Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dirt.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dropper.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.farmland.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fire.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.furnace.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Booster Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.grass.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gravel.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.place.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hopper.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ice.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ladder.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lava.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lever.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log2.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.place.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.planks.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.portal.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.rail.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.place.minecraft.reeds.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sand.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sapling.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.skull.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sponge.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tnt.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.place.minecraft.torch.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.vine.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.water.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.minecraft.web.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wheat.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wool.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.place.mod_Invasion.blockNexus.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Nexus
fe.protection.place.necromancy.Altar_Building_Block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.Altar Building Block.name
fe.protection.place.necromancy.FlowingBlood.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Flowing Blood
fe.protection.place.necromancy.Sewing_Machine.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sewing Machine
fe.protection.place.necromancy.Summoning_Altar.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Summoning Altar
fe.protection.place.necromancy.skullWall.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.skullWall.name
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.CamoDummy.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.CamoDummy.name
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.CamoGate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Secret Gate
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.GhostBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ghost Block
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.OneWayGlass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE One-Way Glass
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretCamoButton.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.SecretButton.name
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretCamoLever.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Secret lever
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretCamoRedstone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Secret Redstone
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretChest.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Secret Chest
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretHeavyPlate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Secret Weighted Plate (heavy)
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretIronDoorBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Secret Iron Door
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretLightDetector.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Secret Light Detector
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretLightPlate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Secret Weighted Plate (light)
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretPlayerPlate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Secret Player Plate
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretPressurePlate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Secret Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretStair.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Secret Stairs
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretTrapDoor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Secret TrapDoor
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretTrappedChest.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Secret Trapped Chest
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SecretWoodenDoorBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Secret Wooden Door
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.SolidAir.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Solid Air
fe.protection.place.secretroomsmod.TorchLever.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch Lever
fe.protection.place.telepads.telepad.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE TelePad
fe.protection.place.vending.vendingMachine.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Vending Block
fe.protection.place.vending.vendingMachineAdvanced.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Vending Block
fe.protection.place.vending.vendingMachineMultiple.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Multiple Vending Block
fe.protection.place.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.place.witchery.alluringskull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Alluring Skull
fe.protection.place.witchery.altar.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Altar
fe.protection.place.witchery.artichoke.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Water Artichoke
fe.protection.place.witchery.barrier.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Barrier
fe.protection.place.witchery.beartrap.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Beartrap
fe.protection.place.witchery.belladonna.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Belladonna
fe.protection.place.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blood Crucible
fe.protection.place.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.place.witchery.bloodrose.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blood Poppy
fe.protection.place.witchery.bramble.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.brazier.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Brazier
fe.protection.place.witchery.brew.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.brewgas.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.brewliquid.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.cactus.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.witchery.candelabra.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Candelabra
fe.protection.place.witchery.cauldron.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.place.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.witchery.chalice.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Chalice
fe.protection.place.witchery.circle.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Heart Glyph
fe.protection.place.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.place.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.place.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.place.witchery.clever.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.witchery.coffinblock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Coffin
fe.protection.place.witchery.crittersnare.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Critter Snare
fe.protection.place.witchery.crystalball.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Ball
fe.protection.place.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.place.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sun Collector
fe.protection.place.witchery.decursedirected.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.place.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.place.witchery.demonheart.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Demon Heart
fe.protection.place.witchery.disease.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Disease
fe.protection.place.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Distillery
fe.protection.place.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Distillery
fe.protection.place.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dream Weaver
fe.protection.place.witchery.embermoss.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ember Moss
fe.protection.place.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.place.witchery.force.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Solid
fe.protection.place.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fume Funnel
fe.protection.place.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Garlic Garland
fe.protection.place.witchery.garlicplant.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Garlic
fe.protection.place.witchery.glintweed.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glint Weed
fe.protection.place.witchery.glowglobe.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glow Globe
fe.protection.place.witchery.grassper.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grassper
fe.protection.place.witchery.hollowtears.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.place.witchery.icedoor.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ice Door
fe.protection.place.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.icefence.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Fence
fe.protection.place.witchery.icefencegate.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ice Gate
fe.protection.place.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.iceslab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ice Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.icestairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.icestockade.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.infinityegg.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Infinity Egg
fe.protection.place.witchery.kettle.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Kettle
fe.protection.place.witchery.leapinglily.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Leaping Lily
fe.protection.place.witchery.leechchest.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Leech Chest
fe.protection.place.witchery.light.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.lilypad.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.lilypad.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.mandrake.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mandrake
fe.protection.place.witchery.mindrake.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Minedrake
fe.protection.place.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mirror
fe.protection.place.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mirror
fe.protection.place.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mirror Surface
fe.protection.place.witchery.perpetualice.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.place.witchery.pitdirt.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.witchery.pitgrass.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.place.witchery.placeditem.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.plantmine.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.place.witchery.refillingchest.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.place.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.place.witchery.scarecrow.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Scarecrow
fe.protection.place.witchery.shadedglass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.silvervat.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Silver Vat
fe.protection.place.witchery.slurp.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowbell.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Snowbell
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowslab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Snow Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowstairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Snow Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.somniancotton.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.place.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spanish Moss
fe.protection.place.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.place.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.place.witchery.spiritportal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spirit Portal
fe.protection.place.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Alder Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.place.witchery.statueofworship.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.place.witchery.stockade.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.tormentportal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Torment Portal
fe.protection.place.witchery.tormentstone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Torment Stone
fe.protection.place.witchery.trent.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Trent Effigy
fe.protection.place.witchery.vine.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Vine
fe.protection.place.witchery.voidbramble.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Void Bramble
fe.protection.place.witchery.wallgen.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.web.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Web
fe.protection.place.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Witches Oven
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Witches Oven
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchleaves.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchlog.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchsapling.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchsladder.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchwood.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wolf Altar
fe.protection.place.witchery.wolfhead.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wolf Head
fe.protection.place.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wolfsbane
fe.protection.place.witchery.wolftrap.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wolftrap
fe.protection.place.witchery.wormwood.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wormwood
fe.protection.trample.*                                                                       # (default: true) Allow trampling on blocks
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.channelValve.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:channelValve.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropAllium.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Allium
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropAum.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Aum
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropAurigold.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Aurigold
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBlack.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Black Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBlue.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Blue Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaBrown.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Brown Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaCyan.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Cyan Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaGray.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Gray Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaGreen.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Green Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLightBlue.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Light Blue Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLightGray.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Light Gray Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaLime.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Lime Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaMagenta.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Magenta Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaOrange.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Orange Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaPink.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Pink Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaPurple.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Purple Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaRed.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Red Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaWhite.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mystical White Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropBotaniaYellow.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Yellow Flower
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropCactus.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropCarrot.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carrot
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropCerublossom.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropCerublossom.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropCuprosia.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cuprosia
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropDaisy.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Daisy
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropDandelion.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dandelion
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropDesertNova.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropDesertNova.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropDiamahlia.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Diamahlia
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropEmeryllis.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Emeryllis
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropFerranium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ferranium
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropJaslumine.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Jaslumine
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropLapender.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lapender
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropNiccissus.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Niccissus
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropNitorWart.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Nitor Wart
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropOrchid.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Orchid
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropOsmonium.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Osmonium
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropPetinia.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Petinia
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropPlatiolus.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Platiolus
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropPlombean.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Plombean
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropPoppy.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Poppy
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropPotato.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Potato
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropQuartzanthemum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Quartzanthemum
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropRedstodendron.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Redstodendron
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropShroomBrown.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Brown Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropShroomRed.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropSilverweed.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Silverweed
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropSugarcane.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sugarcane
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropTarmaRoot.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropTarmaRoot.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropTulipOrange.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Orange Tulip
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropTulipPink.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pink Tulip
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropTulipRed.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Red Tulip
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropTulipWhite.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE White Tulip
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.cropWakebloom.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:cropWakebloom.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.crops.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Crop Sticks
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.fence.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:fence.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.fenceGate.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:fenceGate.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.grate.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:grate.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.peripheral.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Computer Controlled Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.seedAnalyzer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.seedStorage.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:seedStorage.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.sprinkler.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sprinkler
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.waterChannel.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:waterChannel.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.waterChannelFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:waterChannelFull.name
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.waterPad.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Water Pad
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.waterPadFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Water Pad
fe.protection.trample.AgriCraft.waterTank.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:waterTank.name
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShips.balloon.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Air Balloon
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShips.buffer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Shore Buffer
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShips.crate_wood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crate
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShips.engine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Steam Engine
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShips.floater.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Floater
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShips.gauge.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Measurement Gauges
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShips.marker.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ship's Helm
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShips.seat.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Passenger Seat
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Armor Stand
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Desk Bell
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Painting Press
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Printing Press
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodClock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodcase.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWooddesk.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodrack.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsEBXL.BiblioWoodtable.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.trample.BinnieCore.storage.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.alchemyCatalyst.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.alfheimPortal.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.altGrass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.altar.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Altar
fe.protection.trample.Botania.avatar.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.bellows.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bellows.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.bifrost.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.bifrostPerm.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.bifrostPermPane.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA0Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA0Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA0Wall.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA10Slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA10Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA11Slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA11Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA12Slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA12Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA13Slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA13Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA14Slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA14Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA15Slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA15Stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA1Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA1Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA2Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA2Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA3Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA3Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA4Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA4Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA5Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA5Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA6Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA6Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA7Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA7Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA8Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA8Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA9Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA9Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB0Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB0Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB1Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB1Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB2Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB2Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB3Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB3Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB4Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB4Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB5Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB5Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB6Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB6Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB7Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB7Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.blazeBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.brewery.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.buriedPetals.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.cacophoniumBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.cellBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.cocoon.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.conjurationCatalyst.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.corporeaCrystalCube.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.corporeaFunnel.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.corporeaIndex.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.corporeaInterceptor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.corporeaRetainer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick0Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick0SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick0Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick1Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick1SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick1Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick2Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick2SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick2Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick3Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick3SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick3Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dirtPath.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirtPath.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dirtPath0Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirtPath0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dirtPath0SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirtPath0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.distributor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.trample.Botania.doubleFlower1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.doubleFlower2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood0Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood0SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood0Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood0Wall.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood1Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood1SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood1Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.elfGlass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.elfGlassPane.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.enchantedSoil.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.enchanter.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Enchanter
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick0Slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick0Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick2Slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick2Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.enderEyeBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.fakeAir.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.felPumpkin.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.floatingSpecialFlower.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.flower.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.trample.Botania.forestDrum.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.forestEye.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.gaiaHeadBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.gaiaHeadBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.ghostRail.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.hourglass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.incensePlate.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.lightLauncher.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.lightRelay.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock0Slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock0SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock0Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock0Wall.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock1Slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock1SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock1Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood0Slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood0SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood0Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood0Wall.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood1Slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood1SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood1Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaBeacon.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaBeacon.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaBomb.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaDetector.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaFlame.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaGlass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaGlassPane.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaVoid.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.miniIsland.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.mushroom.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.Botania.openCrate.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement0Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement0SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement0Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement1Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement1SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement1Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement2Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement2SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement2Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement3Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement3SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement3Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement4Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement4SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement4Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement5Slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement5SlabFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement5Stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.petalBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pistonRelay.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.platform.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.platform.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pool.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pool.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prism.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.prism.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine0Slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine0SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine0Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine0Wall.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine1Slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine1SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine1Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine2Slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine2SlabFull.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine2Stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pump.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pump.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pylon.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeFull.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabDarkFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabDarkHalf.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabElfFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabElfHalf.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderFull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabManaFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabManaHalf.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabRedFull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabRedHalf.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyFull.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsBlaze.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsDark.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsElf.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsLavender.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsMana.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsRed.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsSunny.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeBlaze.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeDark.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeElf.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeLavender.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeMana.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeRed.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeSunny.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.redStringComparator.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.redStringContainer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.redStringDispenser.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.redStringFertilizer.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.redStringInterceptor.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.redStringRelay.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.reedBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.reedBlock0Slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.reedBlock0SlabFull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.reedBlock0Stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.reedBlock0Wall.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.rfGenerator.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.root.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.root.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.runeAltar.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.seaLamp.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.seaLamp.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerrock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerrock0Slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerrock0SlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerrock0Stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shinyFlower.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.solidVine.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.sparkChanger.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.spawnerClaw.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.specialFlower.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.spreader.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.starfield.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone0Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone0SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone0Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone0Wall.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone10Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone10Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone10SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone10Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone10Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone11Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone11Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone11SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone11Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone11Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone1Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone1SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone1Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone2Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone2SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone2Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone3Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone3SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone3Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone8Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone8Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone8SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone8Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone8Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone9Slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone9Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone9SlabFull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone9Stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone9Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.storage.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.terraPlate.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.teruTeruBozu.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.thatch.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.thatch0Slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.thatch0SlabFull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.thatch0Stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.tinyPlanetBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.tinyPotato.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.turntable.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.unstableBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.unstableBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Architect Table
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Builder
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Construction Mark
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Filler
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Frame
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Electronic Library
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Quarry
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.buildToolBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Land Mark
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Path Mark
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fuel
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Oil
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockRedPlasma.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Auto Workbench
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Chute
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Flood Gate
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mining Well
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pump
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Requester
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Zone Planner
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Infusing Laser
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Recipe Packager
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pipeBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.CCLights2.CCLBigMonitor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE External Monitor
fe.protection.trample.CCLights2.CCLGPU.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE GPU
fe.protection.trample.CCLights2.CCLMonitor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Monitor
fe.protection.trample.CCLights2.CCLTTrans.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tablet Transmitter
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraft.CC-Cable.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Networking Cable
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraft.CC-Computer.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Computer
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraft.CC-Peripheral.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.computercraft:peripheral.name
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraft.CC-Turtle.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleAdvanced.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraft.CC-TurtleExpanded.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.trample.ComputerCraft.command_computer.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Command Computer
fe.protection.trample.DimensionalControl.customPortal.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.customPortal.name
fe.protection.trample.EnderZoo.blockConcussionCharge.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Concussion Charge
fe.protection.trample.EnderZoo.blockConfusingCharge.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Confusing Charge
fe.protection.trample.EnderZoo.blockEnderCharge.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ender Charge
fe.protection.trample.ExtraBees.alveary.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.alveary.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraBees.ectoplasm.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ectoplasm
fe.protection.trample.ExtraBees.hive.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_baldcypress.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bald Cypress Quarter Log
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_fir.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fir Quarter Log
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_oak.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Oak Quarter Log
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_rainboweucalyptus.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Rainbow Eucalyptus Quarter Log
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.cornerlog_redwood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Quarter Log
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.door_acacia.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Door
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.door_autumn.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Autumn Door
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.door_baldcypress.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Baldcypress Door
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.door_cypress.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cypress Door
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.door_fir.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Fir Door
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.door_japanesemaple.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Japanese Maple Door
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.door_rainboweucalyptus.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rainbow Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.door_redwood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Door
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.door_sakura.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Door
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.double_slabRedRock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.redrockslab.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.double_woodslab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.woodslab.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.double_woodslab2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.woodslab.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.fence.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.fence.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_acacia.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_autumn.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Autumn Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_baldcypress.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Baldcypress Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_cypress.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cypress Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_fir.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fir Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_japanesemaple.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Japanese Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_rainboweucalyptus.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Rainbow Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_redwood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.fencegate_sakura.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.flower1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.flower.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.flower2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.flower.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.flower3.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.flower.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.grass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.tallgrass.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.leaf_pile.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Leaf Pile
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.leaves_1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.leaves_2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.leaves_3.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.leaves_4.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.log1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.log.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.log2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.newlog.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.log_elbow_baldcypress.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bald Cypress Elbow Log
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.log_elbow_rainbow_eucalyptus.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Rainbow Eucalyptus Elbow Log
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.mini_log_1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.log.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.planks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.planks.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.plants4.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cattail
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.quicksand.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Quicksand
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.redrockbrick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Red Rock Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.saplings_1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.sapling.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.saplings_2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.sapling.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.slabRedRock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.redrockslab.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.acacia.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.autumn.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Autumn Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.baldcypress.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bald Cypress Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.cypress.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cypress Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.fir.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.japanesemaple.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Japanese Maple Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.rainboweucalyptus.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Rainbow Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.redwood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.stairs.sakurablossom.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.stairsRedCobble.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Red Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.terrain_blocks1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.redrock.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.terrain_blocks2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Sand
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.tile.extrabiomes.crop.strawberry.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Strawberries
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.vines.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Gloriosa
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.wall.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.wall.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.waterplant1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.waterplant.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.woodslab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.woodslab.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtrabiomesXL.woodslab2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrabiomes.woodslab.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.alveary.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.apicultureChest.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.apicultureChest.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.beehives.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.candle.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.core.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.engine.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.factory.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.factory2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fences.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fencesFireproof.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fencesFireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ethanol
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Biomass
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Glass
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Crushed Ice
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Juice
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.mead.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Seed Oil
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Short Mead
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.leaves.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.logs.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.logsFireproof.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logsFireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.mail.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.planks.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.planksFireproof.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planksFireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.pods.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.resources.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.slabs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.slabsDouble.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabsDouble.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.slabsDoubleFireproof.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabsDoubleFireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.slabsFireproof.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabsFireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.soil.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.stairs.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.stairsFireproof.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairsFireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.stump.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.trample.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.trample.ForgeRelocation.relocation.blockmovingrow.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.relocation.blockmovingrow.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.slabGCDouble.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabGCDouble.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.slabGCHalf.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabGCHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockFrame.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Air Lock Frame
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.airLockSeal.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Air Lock Seal
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.aluminumWire.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Aluminum Wire
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.arclamp.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Arc Lamp
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.breatheableAir.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.breatheableAir.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightAir.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.brightAir.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.brightBreathableAir.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.brightBreathableAir.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.cargo.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.cargo.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.cheeseBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Cheese
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.dish.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Communications Dish
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.distributor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.dummyblock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.dummyblock.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.enclosed.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.enclosed.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.fallenMeteor.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fallen Meteor
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.fuelLoader.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fuel Loader
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.gcBlockCore.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.gcBlockCore.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.glowstoneTorch.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPad.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.landingPad.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.landingPadFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Launch Pad
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.machine2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine2.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.machineTiered.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.machineTiered.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.moonBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonBricksStairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Moon Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.moonStoneStairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Moon Rock Stairs
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCollector.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Collector
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenCompressor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oxygenCompressor.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenDetector.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Detector
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.oxygenPipe.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Pipe
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.parachest.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Parachest
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.refinery.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.rocketWorkbench.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE NASA Workbench
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.sealer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Sealer
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.solar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.solar.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.spaceStationBase.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Space Station arrival block
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.spinThruster.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spin Thruster
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.telemetry.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Telemetry Unit
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.tinStairs2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.treasureChest.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorch.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.unlitTorchLit.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.viewScreen.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Display Screen
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftCore.tile.wallGC.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.wallGC.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.asteroidsBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.asteroidsBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReceiver.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Energy Beam Receiver
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.beamReflector.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Energy Beam Reflector
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.cavernVines.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.creeperEgg.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Creeper Egg
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.denseIce.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dense Ice
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.hydrogenPipe.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Hydrogen Pipe
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.mars.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.mars.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsCobblestoneStairs.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Mars Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsDungeonBricksStairs.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Mars Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachine.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.marsMachine.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.marsMachineT2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.marsMachineT2.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBase.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.minerBaseFull.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.minerBaseFull.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.slimelingEgg.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.slimelingEgg.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.sludge.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bacterial Sludge
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadFake.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.telepadFake.name
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.telepadShort.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Short Range Telepad
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tier 2 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.treasureT3.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tier 3 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkway.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Walkway
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayOxygenPipe.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Walkway
fe.protection.trample.GalacticraftMars.tile.walkwayWire.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Walkway
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft.grc.fenceRope.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fence with Rope
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft.grc.netherBrickFenceRope.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fence with Rope (Nether Brick)
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft.grc.ropeBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Rope
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft.grccore.BlockFluidSaltWater.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Salt Water
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft.grccore.salt_block.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Salt Block
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Apple
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.0.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Apple Juice
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.1.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.3.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.4.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Silken Nectar
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.5.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleCiderFluid.6.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Apple Cider
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleLeaves.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Apple Leaves
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Apples.grc.appleSapling.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Door
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooDoubleSlab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFence.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFenceGate.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooFenceRope.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Fence with Rope
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooLeaves.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Leaves
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooScaffold.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Scaffold
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooShoot.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooSingleSlab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooStalk.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bamboo.grc.bambooWall.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Wall
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Bamboo.name
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Botania.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Botania.name
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Fireproof.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Fireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Normal.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.0.Normal.name
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Fireproof.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Fireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Normal.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Forestry.1.Normal.name
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.BlockFluidHoney.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeBox.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.grc.BeeBox.Minecraft.name
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.beeHive.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bee Hive
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.0.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mead Must
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.3.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.4.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.5.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Bees.grc.honeyMeadFluid.6.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.brewKettle.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Brew Kettle
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentBarrel.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fermentation Barrel
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fermentJar.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Culture Jar
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPress.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mechanical Press
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Cellar.grc.fruitPresser.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mechanical Press
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Fishtrap.grc.fishTrap.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fish Trap
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Grapes
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeLeaves.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Grape Leaves
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine0.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Grape Trunk
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeVine1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Grape Trunk
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.0.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Grape Juice
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.3.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.4.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Ambrosia
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.5.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Port Wine
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.6.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Grapes.grc.grapeWineFluid.7.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Grape Wine
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.0.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.3.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ale Wort
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.4.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.5.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.6.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.7.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopAleFluid.8.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.hopVine.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Hops
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.0.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.3.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.4.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.5.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Hops.grc.lagerFluid.6.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidButterMilk.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Butter Milk
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidCream.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Cream
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidCurds.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Milk Curds
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidMilk.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidPasteurizedMilk.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Pasteurized Milk
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidRennet.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Rennet
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidSkimMilk.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Skim Milk
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.BlockFluidWhey.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Whey
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.ButterChurn.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Butter Churn
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheeseBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Block
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheesePress.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Press
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.CheeseVat.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Vat
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.HangingCurds.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Hanging Curds
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.0.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Kumis
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Kumis
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Kumis
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.3.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Kumis
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.4.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Kumis
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.KumisFluid.5.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vile Milk
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.Pancheon.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pancheon
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Milk.grcmilk.Thistle.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Thistle
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.paddyField.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Rice Paddy
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Rice
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.0.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sake Moromi
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.3.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.4.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Divine Sake
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.5.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.trample.Growthcraft|Rice.grc.riceSakeFluid.6.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sake
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreQuesting.item_barrel.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Quest Delivery System
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreQuesting.quest_portal.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.hqm:quest_portal.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreQuesting.quest_tracker.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Quest Tracking System
fe.protection.trample.IC2.ChargePad-Classic.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.chargePad.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.Converter.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.LuminatorMultipartBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Luminator (Multi Part)
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.cableBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.constructionFoam.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Construction Foam
fe.protection.trample.IC2.constructionFoamWall.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWall.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.constructionFoamWallTextured.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWallTextured.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.crop.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Crop
fe.protection.trample.IC2.dynamiteStick.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.dynamiteStickWithRemote.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.industrialTNT.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Industrial TNT
fe.protection.trample.IC2.ironFence.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Fence
fe.protection.trample.IC2.ironScaffold.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Iron Scaffold
fe.protection.trample.IC2.luminator.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Luminator
fe.protection.trample.IC2.miningPipe.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.trample.IC2.miningPipeTip.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.trample.IC2.nuke.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Nuke
fe.protection.trample.IC2.reactorChamber.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.reinforcedDoorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDoorAlloy.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.reinforcedGlass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Glass
fe.protection.trample.IC2.reinforcedStone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.trample.IC2.resinBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Resin Sheet
fe.protection.trample.IC2.rubberLeaves.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.IC2.rubberSapling.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Tree Sapling
fe.protection.trample.IC2.rubberTrampoline.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Sheet
fe.protection.trample.IC2.rubberWood.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Wood
fe.protection.trample.IC2.scaffold.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Scaffold
fe.protection.trample.IC2.uraniumOre.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Uranium Ore
fe.protection.trample.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlLight.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2NuclearControl.networkLink.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE ME Network Monitor
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ImmibisPeripherals.lanwire.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmibisPeripherals.peripherals.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.trample.LogisticsPipes.logisticsPipeBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE LogisticsPipes Pipe Block
fe.protection.trample.LogisticsPipes.logisticsSolidBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.MCFrames.mcframes.frame.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Frame
fe.protection.trample.MCFrames.mcframes.motor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.mcframes.motor.name
fe.protection.trample.MagicBees.effectJar.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bee Collector's Jar
fe.protection.trample.MagicBees.hive.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.trample.MagicBees.magicApiary.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magic Apiary
fe.protection.trample.MagicBees.magicbees.enchantedEarth.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Earth
fe.protection.trample.MagicBees.manaAuraProvider.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mana Apiary Booster
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Bounding Block
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.MachineBlock3.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Block
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Road
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Salt Block
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.biofuel.still.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE BioFuel
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.brick.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.decorative.brick.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.plastic.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Pipe
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.cable.redstone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE RedNet Cable
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.chocolatemilk.still.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.conveyor.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.conveyor.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.detcord.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE DetCord
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.farmland.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fertile Soil
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.laserair.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.laserair.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.0.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machine.0.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machine.1.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.machine.2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machine.2.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.machineblock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.machineblock.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.meat.still.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Meat
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.milk.still.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.mobessence.still.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Essence
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.mushroomsoup.still.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pink Slime Block
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.pinkslime.still.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pink Slime
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.plastic.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Plastic
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.dropoff.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cargo Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.cargo.pickup.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cargo Pickup Rail
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.dropoff.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Passenger Dropoff Rail
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rail.passenger.pickup.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Passenger Pickup Rail
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.logic.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Programmable RedNet Controller
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rednet.panel.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.rednet.panel.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.road.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.road.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.leaves.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Leaves
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.log.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Wood
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.rubberwood.sapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Sapling
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.sewage.still.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sewage
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.sludge.still.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sludge
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.block.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.stainedglass.block.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.stainedglass.pane.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.stainedglass.pane.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.steam.still.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.stone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.mfr.decorative.stone.name
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.tank.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Tank
fe.protection.trample.MineFactoryReloaded.vinescaffold.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Vine Scaffolding
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.alien_dirt.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.alien_dirt.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.alien_farmland.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.alien_farmland.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.alien_fence.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Alien Fence
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.alien_fence_gate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Alien Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.alien_glowstone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Alien Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.alien_grass.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Alien Grass
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.alien_leaves.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.alien_leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.alien_log.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Alien Wood
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.alien_planks.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Alien Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.alien_sapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Alien Sapling
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.alien_wood_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Alien Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.alphere_ore.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Alphere Ore
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.ancient_dark_door_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.ancient_dark_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.ancient_dark_fence_gate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Dark Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.ancient_dark_leaves.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ancient_dark_leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.ancient_dark_wood_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Dark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.blue_candy_torch.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Blue Candy Torch
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.cake_bread.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cake Bread
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.cake_farmland.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.cake_farmland.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.candy_cane1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.candy_cane1.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.candy_cane2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.candy_cane2.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.candy_extractor_active.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.candy_extractor_active.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.candy_extractor_idle.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Candy Extractor
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.candy_flower.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.candy_flower.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.caramel_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Caramel Block
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.caramel_cup.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.caramel_cup.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.caramel_fluid.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.caramel_fluid.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.cavern_oyster_close.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cavern Oyster
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.cavern_oyster_open.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cavern Oyster
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.cheese_gas.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Gas Block
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.cheese_glass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Glass
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.cheese_glass_pane.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.cheese_of_milk_cake.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cheese of Milk Cake
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.cheese_of_milk_cup.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.cheese_of_milk_cup.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.cheese_of_milk_fluid.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cheese of Milk
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.cheese_sandstone_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.cheese_slime_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Slime Block
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.cheese_slime_egg.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Slime Egg
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.cheese_web.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Web
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.chiseled_quontonium_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Quontonium Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.chocolate_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Block
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.chocolate_cake.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Cake
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.chocolate_cake_bread.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Cake Bread
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.chocolate_cream_layer.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Cream
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.chondrite_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.chondrite_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.coconut_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Block
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.coconut_door_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.coconut_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.coconut_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.coconut_milk_cup.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.coconut_milk_cup.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.coconut_milk_fluid.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Milk
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.coconut_wood_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.cookie_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cookie Block
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.cream_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.cream_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.cream_head.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.cream_head.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.crystal_dirt.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.crystal_dirt.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.crystal_door_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.crystal_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.crystal_farmland.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.crystal_farmland.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.crystal_fence.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Fence
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.crystal_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.crystal_leaves.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Leaves
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.crystal_log.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.crystal_log.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.crystal_planks.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Wooden Planks
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.crystal_sapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Sapling
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.crystal_segment.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Segment
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.crystal_wood_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.cup_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.cup_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.dark_air.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.dark_air.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.dark_asteroid_block.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.dark_asteroid_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.dark_asteroid_quicksand.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dark Asteroid Quicksand
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.deimos_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.deimos_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.diona_ancient_chest.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Diona Ancient Chest
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.diona_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.diona_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.diona_cobblestone_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Diona Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.diona_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Diona Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.diona_treasure_chest.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tier 4 Diona Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.dirty_water_fluid.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirty_water_fluid.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.double_europa_sandstone_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_europa_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.double_fronos_sandstone_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_fronos_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.double_venus_sandstone_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_venus_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.dungeon_brick_double_slab1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.dungeon_brick_double_slab1.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.dungeon_brick_double_slab2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.dungeon_brick_double_slab2.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.dungeon_brick_half_slab1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.dungeon_brick_half_slab1.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.dungeon_brick_half_slab2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.dungeon_brick_half_slab2.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.eledos_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Eledos Egg
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.europa_door_block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.europa_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.europa_fence.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Europa Fence
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.europa_fence_gate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Europa Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.europa_geyser.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.europa_geyser.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.europa_ice.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.europa_ice.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.europa_ice_slush.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Europa Ice Slush
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.europa_leaves.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.europa_leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.europa_log.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.europa_log.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.europa_planks.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Europa Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.europa_salt.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Europa Salt
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.europa_sand.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Europa Sand
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.europa_sandstone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.europa_sandstone.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.europa_sandstone_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Europa Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.europa_sapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Europa Sapling
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.europa_snow_block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Europa Snow
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.europa_snow_layer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Europa Snow
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.europa_water_bomb.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Europa Water Bomb
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.europa_water_fluid.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.europa_water_fluid.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.europa_wood_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Europa Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fallen_ice_crystal_meteor.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fallen Ice Crystal Meteor
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fallen_koentus_meteor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fallen Koentus Meteor
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fallen_polongnius_meteor.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fallen Polongnius Meteor
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.flonium_torch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Flonium Torch
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronisium_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fronisium Block
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronisium_tnt.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fronisium TNT
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_ancient_chest.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fronos Ancient Chest
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_block1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_block1.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_cloud.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_cloud.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_cobblestone_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fronos Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_coral.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_coral.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_cracked_stone_brick_stairs.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Fronos Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_dandelion.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_dandelion.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_dirt.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_dirt.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Fronos Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_farmland.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_farmland.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_fence.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_fence.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_flower.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_flower.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_grass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fronos Grass
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_leaves.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_leaves2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_leaves2.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_log.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_log.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_ore.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_ore_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_ore_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_poppy.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_poppy.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_sand.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_sand.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_sandstone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_sandstone.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_sandstone_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fronos Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_sapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_sapling.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_stone_brick_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fronos Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_tallgrass.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_tallgrass.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_treasure_chest.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tier 7 Fronos Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.fronos_wooden_planks.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.fronos_wooden_planks.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.frosted_cake_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.frosted_cake_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.frozen_methane_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Frozen Methane Block
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.frozen_nitrogen_block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Frozen Nitrogen Block
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.frozen_water_fluid.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Frozen Water
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.frozen_water_geyser.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Frozen Water Geyser
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.glass_gem_corn1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.glass_gem_corn1.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.glass_gem_corn2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.glass_gem_corn2.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.glass_gem_corn3.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.glass_gem_corn3.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.glowing_ice_stone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.glowing_ice_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.golden_grass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Golden Grass
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.golden_wheat.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.golden_wheat.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.green_candy_torch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Green Candy Torch
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.half_europa_sandstone_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.half_europa_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.half_fronos_sandstone_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.half_fronos_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.half_venus_sandstone_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.half_venus_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.helium_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Helium Block
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.huge_sky_mushroom.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.huge_sky_mushroom.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.ichorius_torch.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ichorius Torch
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.icy_poison_crystal.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Icy Poison Crystal
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.infected_cavernous_vine.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Infected Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.infected_dirt.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.infected_dirt.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.infected_grass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Infected Grass
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.infected_vine.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Infected Vines
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.infected_worm_egg.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Infected Worm Egg Rock
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.infected_zombie_egg.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Infected Zombie Egg
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.io_black_lava.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.io_black_lava.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.io_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.io_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.io_lava.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.io_lava.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.io_magma_rock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.io_magma_rock.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.jelly_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.jelly_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.jelly_slime_egg.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.jelly_slime_egg.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_ancient_chest.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Kapteyn B Ancient Chest
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_ancient_chest_temp.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.kapteyn-b_ancient_chest_temp.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.kapteyn-b_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_cobblestone_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Kapteyn B Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Kapteyn B Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_ice.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.kapteyn-b_ice.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.kapteyn-b_treasure_chest.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tier 8 Kapteyn B Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.koentus_ancient_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Koentus Ancient Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.koentus_ancient_chest.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Koentus Ancient Chest
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.koentus_ancient_stone_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Koentus Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.koentus_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.koentus_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.koentus_cobblestone_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Koentus Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.koentus_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Koentus Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.koentus_ice.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.koentus_ice.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.koentus_treasure_chest.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tier 4 Koentus Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.lemon_cream_layer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lemon Cream
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.light_blue_candy_torch.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Candy Torch
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.liquid_brown_sulfur.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.liquid_brown_sulfur.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.liquid_methane_fluid.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.liquid_methane_fluid.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.liquid_nitrogen_fluid.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.liquid_nitrogen_fluid.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.liquid_orange_sulfur.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.liquid_orange_sulfur.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.liquid_red_sulfur.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.liquid_red_sulfur.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.liquid_yellow_sulfur.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.liquid_yellow_sulfur.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.magma_rock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magma Rock
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.maple_ivy.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Maple Ivy
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.mercury_ancient_chest.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Ancient Chest
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.mercury_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.mercury_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.mercury_cobblestone_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.mercury_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.mercury_ice.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dirty Mercury Ice
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.mercury_treasure_chest.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.metallic_rock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Metallic Rock
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.mineral_water_cup.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.mineral_water_cup.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.mineral_water_fluid.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mineral Water
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.mineral_water_generator.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mineral Water Generator (WIP)
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.minion_creeper_egg.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Creeper Minion Egg
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.mossy_fronos_cobblestone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Fronos Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.mp_dungeon_brick_wall.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.mp_dungeon_brick_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.mp_stone_double_slab1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.mp_stone_double_slab1.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.mp_stone_double_slab2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.mp_stone_double_slab2.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.mp_stone_half_slab1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.mp_stone_half_slab1.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.mp_stone_half_slab2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.mp_stone_half_slab2.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.mp_wall.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.mp_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.mp_wood_double_slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.mp_wood_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.mp_wood_half_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.mp_wood_half_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.nibiru_ancient_chest.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nibiru Ancient Chest
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.nibiru_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.nibiru_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.nibiru_cobblestone_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Nibiru Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.nibiru_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Nibiru Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.nibiru_farmland.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.nibiru_farmland.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.nibiru_fence.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.nibiru_fence.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.nibiru_log.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.nibiru_log.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.nibiru_planks.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.nibiru_planks.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.nibiru_sapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.nibiru_sapling.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.nibiru_treasure_chest.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tier 6 Nibiru Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.null.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.oil_rock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.oil_rock.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.orange_candy_torch.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Orange Candy Torch
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.orange_cream_layer.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Orange Cream
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.orange_door_block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.orange_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.orange_fence_gate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Orange Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.orange_leaves.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.orange_leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.orange_wood_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Orange Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.ovantine_block.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ovantine Block
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.ovantine_cup.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ovantine_cup.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.ovantine_fluid.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ovantine
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.packed_europa_ice.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Packed Europa Ice
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.phobos_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.phobos_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.pink_cake.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pink Cake
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.pink_candy_torch.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pink Candy Torch
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.pink_grass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pink Grass
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.plains_grass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Plains Grass
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.pluto_ancient_chest.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Ancient Chest
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.pluto_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pluto_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.pluto_cobblestone_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.pluto_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.pluto_treasure_chest.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.polongnius_ancient_chest.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Polongnius Ancient Chest
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.polongnius_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.polongnius_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.polongnius_cobblestone_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Polongnius Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.polongnius_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Polongnius Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.polongnius_treasure_chest.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tier 5 Polongnius Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.power_crystal_generator.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Power Crystal Generator
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.purple_candy_torch.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Purple Candy Torch
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.purple_grass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Purple Grass
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.quontonium_brick_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Quontonium Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.red_candy_torch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Red Candy Torch
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.red_maple_door_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.red_maple_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.red_maple_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.red_maple_wood_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Maple Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.rocky_soild_water.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rocky Solid Water
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.sirius-b_ancient_chest.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sirius B Ancient Chest
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.sirius-b_cobblestone_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Sirius B Carbon Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.sirius-b_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Sirius B Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.sirius-b_treasure_chest.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tier 8 Sirius B Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.sirius_blaze_egg.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sirius Blaze Egg
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.sirius_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.sirius_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.sirius_fire.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.sirius_fire.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.sirius_glowstone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sirius Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.sirius_lava.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.sirius_lava.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.sirius_obsidian.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sirius Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.sirius_redstone_lamp.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sirius Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.sirius_redstone_lamp_on.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.sirius_redstone_lamp_on.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.space_decoration_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.space_decoration_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.space_mossy_cobblestone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.space_mossy_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.space_oyster_close.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Space Oyster
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.space_oyster_open.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Space Oyster
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.space_potato_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.space_potato_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.space_shell.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.space_shell.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.strawberry_cream_layer.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Strawberry Cream
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.strawberry_crops.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.strawberry_crops.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.sulfur_torch.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sulfur Torch
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.tea_cream_layer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tea Cream
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.tea_cup.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tea_cup.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.tea_fluid.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tea
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.tinted_glass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinted_glass.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.tinted_glass_pane.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinted_glass_pane.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.ultra_violet_solar_panel.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ultra Violet Solar Panel
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.uranium_bomb.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Uranium Bomb
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.uranium_waste.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.uranium_waste.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.vanilla_cream_layer.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Cream
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.venus_ancient_chest.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Venus Ancient Chest
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.venus_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.venus_block.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.venus_cobblestone_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Venus Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.venus_dungeon_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Venus Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.venus_magma_rock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Venus Magma Rock
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.venus_redstone_ore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Venus Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.venus_redstone_ore_active.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.venus_redstone_ore_active.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.venus_sand.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Venus Sand
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.venus_sandstone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.venus_sandstone.name
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.venus_sandstone_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Venus Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.venus_smoke_geyser.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Venus Smoke Geyser
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.venus_treasure_chest.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tier 3 Venus Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.venusian_blaze_egg.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Venusian Blaze Egg
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.white_cake.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE White Cream Cake
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.white_cake_bread.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE White Cream Cake Bread
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.white_crystal_torch.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE White Crystal Torch
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.white_sandstone_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE White Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.xeonium_glowstone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Xeonium Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.xeonium_torch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Xeonium Torch
fe.protection.trample.MorePlanet.yellow_candy_torch.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Candy Torch
fe.protection.trample.NetherOres.netherOresBlockHellfish.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherores.hellfish.name
fe.protection.trample.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.0.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherores.ore.0.name
fe.protection.trample.NetherOres.tile.netherores.ore.1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherores.ore.1.name
fe.protection.trample.OCS.basicProximitySensor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Proximity Sensor
fe.protection.trample.OCS.gauge.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Gauge
fe.protection.trample.OCS.sensor.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sensor
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Auto Anvil
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bear Trap
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Big Button
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block Placer
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block Breaker
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Item Cannon
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Canvas
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Glass Canvas
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Donation Station
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Drawing Table
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Elevator
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fan
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Flag
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Golden Egg
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Grave
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Building Guide
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Healer
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Item Dropper
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Paint Can
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Paint Mixer
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Path
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Height Map Projector
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rope Ladder
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Scaffolding
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sky Block
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sprinkler
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Target
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Trophy
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Village Highlighter
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE XP Bottler
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE XP Drain
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE XP Shower
fe.protection.trample.OpenPeripheral.glassesbridge.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Terminal Glasses Bridge
fe.protection.trample.OpenPeripheral.peripheralproxy.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Peripheral Proxy
fe.protection.trample.OpenPeripheral.pim.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE PIM
fe.protection.trample.OpenPeripheral.selector.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Item Selector
fe.protection.trample.OpenPeripheral.sensor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sensor
fe.protection.trample.OpenPeripheral.ticketmachine.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.trample.PeripheralsPlusPlus.aiChatBox.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE AI Chat Box
fe.protection.trample.PeripheralsPlusPlus.antenna.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Antenna
fe.protection.trample.PeripheralsPlusPlus.beeAnalyzer.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bee Analyzer
fe.protection.trample.PeripheralsPlusPlus.butterflyAnalyzer.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Butterfly Analyzer
fe.protection.trample.PeripheralsPlusPlus.chatBox.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Chat Box
fe.protection.trample.PeripheralsPlusPlus.dummyBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.peripheralsplusplus:dummyBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.PeripheralsPlusPlus.environmentScanner.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Environment Scanner
fe.protection.trample.PeripheralsPlusPlus.interactiveSorter.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Interactive Sorter
fe.protection.trample.PeripheralsPlusPlus.meBridge.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE ME Bridge
fe.protection.trample.PeripheralsPlusPlus.noteBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Note Block
fe.protection.trample.PeripheralsPlusPlus.oreDictionary.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ore Dictionary
fe.protection.trample.PeripheralsPlusPlus.peripheralContainer.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Peripheral Container
fe.protection.trample.PeripheralsPlusPlus.playerInterface.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Player Interface
fe.protection.trample.PeripheralsPlusPlus.playerSensor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Player Sensor
fe.protection.trample.PeripheralsPlusPlus.resupplyStation.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Resupply Station
fe.protection.trample.PeripheralsPlusPlus.rfCharger.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Turtle Charger (RF)
fe.protection.trample.PeripheralsPlusPlus.speaker.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Speaker
fe.protection.trample.PeripheralsPlusPlus.teleporter.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Turtle Teleporter
fe.protection.trample.PeripheralsPlusPlus.teleporterT2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Turtle Teleporter
fe.protection.trample.PeripheralsPlusPlus.timeSensor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Time Sensor
fe.protection.trample.PeripheralsPlusPlus.treeAnalyzer.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tree Analyzer
fe.protection.trample.PeripheralsPlusPlus.turtle.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.trample.PortalGun.Portal_BlockMulti.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Portal Multiblock - Don't use this
fe.protection.trample.PortalGun.Portal_BlockPortal.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Portal Half - Don't use this
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine1.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.airousLight.*              # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.illumination.airousLight.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lamp.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.alchemical_chest.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Alchemical Chest
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.collector_mk1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Energy Collector MK1
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.collector_mk2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Energy Collector MK2
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.collector_mk3.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Energy Collector MK3
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.condenser_mk1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Energy Condenser
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.condenser_mk2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Energy Condenser MK2
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.dm_furnace.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.dm_furnace_lit.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dark Matter Furnace
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.dm_pedestal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Matter Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.fuel_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pe_fuel_block.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.interdiction_torch.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.matter_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pe_matter_block.name
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.nova_cataclysm.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Nova Cataclysm
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.nova_catalyst.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Nova Catalyst
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.relay_mk1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Anti-Matter Relay MK1
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.relay_mk2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Anti-Matter Relay MK2
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.relay_mk3.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Anti-Matter Relay MK3
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.rm_furnace.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.rm_furnace_lit.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Matter Furnace
fe.protection.trample.ProjectE.transmutation_table.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Transmutation Table
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.cube.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.detector.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Creosote
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.frame.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.glass.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.ore.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.post.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.residual.heat.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Residual Heat
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.signal.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.slab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.stair.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.track.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Track
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.advancedFluidDisplay.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Fluid Display
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.advancedItemCollector.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Item Collector
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.bloodMoonSensor.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bloodmoon Sensor
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.dyeingMachine.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dyeing Machine
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.enderEnergyDistributor.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ender Energy Distributor
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.energyDistributor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Energy Distributor
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.fluidDisplay.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Display
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Imbuing Station
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.itemCollector.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Item Collector
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.notificationInterface.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Notification Interface
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Online Detector
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Player Interface
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Spectre Block
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.spectreGlass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Spectre Glass
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.wirelessLever.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Lever
fe.protection.trample.StevesAddons.cable_ae.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Energistics Connector
fe.protection.trample.StevesAddons.cable_rf.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE RF Node
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBUDName.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Block Detector
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBreakerName.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Block Gate
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCamouflageName.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableClusterName.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCreativeName.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Creative Supplier
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableInputName.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableIntakeName.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableName.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Cable
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableOutputName.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableRelayName.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableSignName.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Sign Updater
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockMachineManagerName.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.compDrawers.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.controller.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Drawer Controller
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.controllerSlave.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Controller Slave
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.framingTable.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Framing Table
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.fullCustom1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawer
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.fullCustom2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.fullCustom4.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers4.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.halfCustom2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.halfCustom4.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers4.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.trim.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.trim.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.trimCustom.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Framed Trim
fe.protection.trample.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_0.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_16.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_32.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_48.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_64.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirForce.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Glass
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalExpansion.Workbench.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.workbench.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidAerotheum.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Resonant Ender
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Primal Mana
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidPetrotheum.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tectonic Petrotheum
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraPillar.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraSlab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Slab
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.CastleBrick.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.CastleDoor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.CastleDoorVanished.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.CastleMagic.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.CinderFurnaceIdle.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.CinderFurnaceLit.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.CinderLog.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.CinderLog.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.DarkLeaves.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.FluffyCloud.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.ForceField.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ForceField.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.GiantCobble.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLeaves.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Giant Leaves
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLog.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Giant Log
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.GiantObsidian.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.HugeGloomBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.HugeLilyPad.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.HugeStalk.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Huge Stalk
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.HugeWaterLily.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.KnightmetalBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.Slider.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.Slider.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFAuroraBrick.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Block
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFBossSpawner.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFBossSpawner.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFBurntThorns.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFCicada.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cicada
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFDeadrock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFDeadrock.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireJet.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFFireJet.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFFirefly.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Firefly
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireflyJar.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Firefly Jar
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFHedge.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFHedge.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLeaves.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves3.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLeaves3.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFLog.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLog.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLeaves.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLog.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLog.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFMazestone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMazestone.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFMoonworm.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Moonworm
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFNagastone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFNagastone.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlank.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFPlank.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlant.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFPlant.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFPortal.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFRoots.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFRoots.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFSapling.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFShield.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFShield.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFThornRose.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Thorn Rose
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFThorns.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFThorns.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerDevice.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerStone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerStone.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerTranslucent.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophy.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Forest Trophy
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophyPedestal.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFUncraftingTable.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFUnderBrick.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFUnderBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TrollBer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Trollber
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TrollSteinn.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Trollsteinn
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TrollVidr.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Trollvidr
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.UberousSoil.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Uberous Soil
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.UnripeTrollBer.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.WispyCloud.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.trample.VeganOption.basin.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Basin
fe.protection.trample.VeganOption.bedStraw.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Straw Bed
fe.protection.trample.VeganOption.compost.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Compost
fe.protection.trample.VeganOption.composter.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Composter
fe.protection.trample.VeganOption.encrustedObsidian.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Encrusted Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.VeganOption.enderRift.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ender Rift
fe.protection.trample.VeganOption.fluidOilVegetable.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Vegetable Oil
fe.protection.trample.VeganOption.fluidSoapSolution.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Soap Solution
fe.protection.trample.VeganOption.inkBlack.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Black Vegetable Oil Ink
fe.protection.trample.VeganOption.inkWhite.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE White Vegetable Oil Ink
fe.protection.trample.VeganOption.juteBundled.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bundled Jute
fe.protection.trample.VeganOption.jutePlant.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Jute
fe.protection.trample.VeganOption.kapok.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Kapok Block
fe.protection.trample.VeganOption.lyeWater.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wood Ash Lye
fe.protection.trample.VeganOption.plantMilk.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Plant Milk
fe.protection.trample.VeganOption.rawEnder.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Raw Ender
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.auroraBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Aurora
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.booster.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Booster
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.cleanDirt.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Garden Soil
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.lampb.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.lampf.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.lampt.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Flat Lamp
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.stoneTile.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ztone Tile
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.agonBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.agonBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.azurBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.azurBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.bittBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.bittBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.crayBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.crayBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.fortBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fortBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.glaxx.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.glaxx.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.iszmBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.iszmBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.jeltBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.jeltBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.korpBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.korpBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.krypBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.krypBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.lairBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.lairBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.laveBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.laveBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.mintBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.mintBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.mystBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.mystBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.redsBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.redsBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.reedBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.roenBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.roenBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.solsBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.solsBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.syncBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.syncBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.tankBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.vectBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.vectBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.venaBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.venaBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zaneBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.zaneBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zechBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.zechBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zestBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.zestBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zetaBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.zetaBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zionBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.zionBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zkulBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.zkulBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zoeaBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.zoeaBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zomeBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.zomeBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zoneBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.zoneBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zorgBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.zorgBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.ztylBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ztylBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Ztones.tile.zythBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.zythBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.additionalpipes.chunkLoader.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Teleport Tether
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aechor_sprout.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Aechor Sprout
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aercloud.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.aercloud.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_3.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_4.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_5.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_6.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aercloud_layer_7.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Aercloud Layer
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aerogel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Aerogel
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aerogel_double_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Aerogel Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aerogel_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.aerogel_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aerogel_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Aerogel Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aerogel_wall.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Aerogel Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aether_dirt.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Aether Dirt
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aether_enchantment_table.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Aether Enchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aether_farmland.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Aether Farmland
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aether_grass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Aether Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aether_portal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Aether Portal
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aether_tallgrass.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Aether Grass
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aether_tnt.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Aether TNT
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aether_tulips.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Aether Tulips
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aetheral_ambrosium_ore.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ambrosium Ore
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aetheral_arkenium_ore.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Arkenium Ore
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aetheral_continuum_ore.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Continuum Ore
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aetheral_gravitite_ore.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Gravitite Ore
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Aetheralstone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_bricks.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Aetheral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_bricks_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Aetheral Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_double_slab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Aetheralstone Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.aetheral_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Aetheralstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aetheral_stone_wall.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Aetheralstone Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.aetheral_zanite_ore.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Zanite Ore
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.agiosite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Agiosite
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.agiosite_ambrosium_ore.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ambrosium Ore
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.agiosite_arkenium_ore.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Arkenium Ore
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.agiosite_brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Agiosite Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.agiosite_bricks.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Agiosite Bricks
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.agiosite_continuum_ore.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Continuum Ore
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.agiosite_double_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Agiosite Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.agiosite_gravitite_ore.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Gravitite Ore
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.agiosite_slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.agiosite_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.agiosite_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Agiosite Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.agiosite_wall.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Agiosite Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.agiosite_zanite_ore.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Zanite Ore
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.ambrosium_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ambrosium Block
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.ambrosium_ore.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ambrosium Ore
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.ambrosium_torch.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ambrosium Torch
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.amplifier.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Amplifier
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Carved Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone_double_slab.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ancient_carved_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ancient_carved_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.ancient_carved_stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.ancient_carved_stone_wall.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Carved Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.ancient_enchanter.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Enchanter
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.ancient_sentry_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Sentry Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.angelic_double_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Angelic Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.angelic_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.angelic_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.angelic_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Angelic Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.angelic_stone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Angelic Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.angelic_trap.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Angelic Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.angelic_wall.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Angelic Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.arctic_grass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Arctic Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.arkenium_block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Arkenium Block
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.arkenium_ore.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Arkenium Ore
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.auralite_cluster_1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Auralite Bud
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.auralite_cluster_2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Auralite Cluster
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.auralite_pillar.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Auralite Pillar
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.azure_holystone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Azure Holystone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.berry_bush.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mature Berry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.berry_bush_stem.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Large Berry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.block_of_auralite.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block Of Auralite
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.bloodmoss_stone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bloodmoss Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.blue_light_skyroot_leaves.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Wisproot Leaves
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.blue_skyroot_leaves.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blue Skyroot Leaves
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.blue_skyroot_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blue Skyroot Sapling
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.blue_swingtip.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Blue Swingtip
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.budding_auralite.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Budding Auralite
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.burstblossom.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bust Blossom
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Caelestia Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone_double_slab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Caelestia Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.caelestia_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Caelestia Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.caelestia_stone_wall.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Caelestia Stone Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.carrion_flower.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Carrion Flower
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carved Caelestia Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone_double_slab.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Carved Caelestia Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone_slab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.carved_caelestia_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone_stairs.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Carved Caelestia Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.carved_caelestia_stone_wall.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Carved Caelestia Stone Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.carved_double_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carved Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.carved_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.carved_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.carved_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Carved Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.carved_stone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Carved Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.carved_trap.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Carved Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.carved_wall.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Carved Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.cer_scales_block.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Elysian Dragon Scale Block
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.chest_mimic.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Chest Mimic
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.coldfire.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cold Fire
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.continuum_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Continuum Block
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.continuum_ore.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Continuum Ore
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.cracked_oblitus_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Oblitus Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.creeping_stone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Creeping Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.crystal_fruit_leaves.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Fruit Leaves
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.crystal_leaves.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Leaves
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.crystal_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Sapling
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.dark_blue_skyroot_leaves.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Dark Blue Skyroot Leaves
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.dark_blue_skyroot_sapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Dark Blue Skyroot Sapling
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.decorated_holiday_leaves.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Decorated Holiday Leaves
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.deific.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Deific
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.deific_ambrosium_ore.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ambrosium Ore
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.deific_arkenium_ore.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Arkenium Ore
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.deific_brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Deific Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.deific_bricks.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Deific Bricks
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.deific_continuum_ore.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Continuum Ore
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.deific_double_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Deific Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.deific_gravitite_ore.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gravitite Ore
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.deific_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.deific_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.deific_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Deific Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.deific_wall.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Deific Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.deific_zanite_ore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Zanite Ore
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Divine Angelic Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone_double_slab.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Divine Angelic Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.divine_angelic_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Divine Angelic Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_stone_wall.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Divine Angelic Stone Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.divine_angelic_trap.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Divine Angelic Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Divine Carved Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone_double_slab.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Divine Carved Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.divine_carved_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Divine Carved Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.divine_carved_stone_wall.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Divine Carved Stone Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.divine_carved_trap.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Divine Carved Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.divine_enchantment_table.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Divine Enchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.divine_grass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Divine Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Divine Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone_double_slab.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Divine Hellfire Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone_slab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.divine_hellfire_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Divine Hellfire Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.divine_hellfire_stone_wall.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Divine Hellfire Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.divine_light_angelic_stone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Divine Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.divine_light_hellfire_stone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Divine Light Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.divine_sentry_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Divine Sentry Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.divineral_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block Of Divineral
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_aether_farmland.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Aether Farmland
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_aether_grass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Aether Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_aether_tallgrass.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Aether Grass
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_aether_tulips.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Aether Tulips
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Aetheralstone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_bricks.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Aetheral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_double_slab.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Aetheralstone Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_slab.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchanted_aetheral_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_stairs.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Aetheralstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_aetheral_stone_wall.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Aetheralstone Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Agiosite
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_brick_double_slab.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Agiosite Brick Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_brick_slab.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchanted_agiosite_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_brick_stairs.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Agiosite Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_brick_wall.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Agiosite Brick Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_bricks.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Agiosite Bricks
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_double_slab.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Agiosite Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchanted_agiosite_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Agiosite Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_agiosite_wall.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Agiosite Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Deific
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_bricks.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Deific Bricks
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_double_slab.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Deific Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchanted_deific_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Deific Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_deific_wall.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Deific Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_gravitite.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Gravitite
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Holystone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_bricks.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Holystone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_double_slab.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Holystone Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchanted_holystone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Holystone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_holystone_wall.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Holystone Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanted_quickshoot.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Quickshoot
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.enchanter.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Enchanter
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.ethereal_torch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Torch
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.freezer.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Freezer
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.frozen_quicksoil.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Frozen Quicksoil
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.frozen_quicksoil_glass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Frozen Quicksoil Glass
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.fuse_double_slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fuse Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.fuse_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fuse_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.fuse_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fuse Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.fuse_stone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fuse Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.fuse_trap.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fuse Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.fuse_trap_2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Creeping Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.fuse_wall.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fuse Stone Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.gale_double_slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Gale Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.gale_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.gale_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.gale_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Gale Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.gale_stone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Gale Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.gale_trap.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Gale Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.gale_wall.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Gale Stone Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.genesis_double_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Genesis Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.genesis_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.genesis_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.genesis_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Genesis Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.genesis_stone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Genesis Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.genesis_trap.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Genesis Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.genesis_wall.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Genesis Stone Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.glowing_icestone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glowing Icestone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.golden_oak_bookshelf.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Golden Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.golden_oak_double_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Golden Oak Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.golden_oak_fence.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Golden Oak Fence
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.golden_oak_fruit_leaves.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Golden Oak Fruit Leaves
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.golden_oak_gate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Golden Oak Gate
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.golden_oak_leaves.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Golden Oak Leaves
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.golden_oak_log.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Golden Oak Wood
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.golden_oak_log_wall.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Golden Oak Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.golden_oak_planks.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Golden Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.golden_oak_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Golden Oak Sapling
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.golden_oak_slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.golden_oak_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.golden_oak_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Golden Oak Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.golden_oak_trapdoor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Golden Oak Wood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.grape_tree_mature.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mature Grape Tree
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.grape_tree_stage_one.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Grape Tree Stem
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.grape_tree_stage_two.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Grape Tree Stem
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.gravitite_ore.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Gravitite Ore
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.greatroot_double_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.greatroot_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.greatroot_fence.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Greatroot Fence
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.greatroot_fence_gate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Greatroot Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.greatroot_log.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Greatroot Wood
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.greatroot_log_wall.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Greatroot Log Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.greatroot_planks.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Greatroot Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.greatroot_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Greatroot Sapling
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.greatroot_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.greatroot_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.greatroot_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Greatroot Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.greatroot_trapdoor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Greatroot Wood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.green_aercloud.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Green Aercloud
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.green_light_skyroot_leaves.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Greatroot Leaves
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.hellfire.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Hell Fire
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.hellfire_double_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Hellfire Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.hellfire_slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.hellfire_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.hellfire_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hellfire Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.hellfire_stone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.hellfire_torch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Hellfire Torch
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.hellfire_trap.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.hellfire_wall.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hellfire Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.holiday_leaves.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Holiday Leaves
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.holiday_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Holiday Sapling
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.holystone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Holystone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.holystone_brick.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Holystone Brick
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.holystone_brick_double_slab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Holystone Brick Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.holystone_brick_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.holystone_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.holystone_brick_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Holystone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.holystone_brick_wall.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Holystone Brick Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.holystone_double_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Holystone Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.holystone_lever.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Holystone Lever
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.holystone_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.holystone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.holystone_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Holystone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.holystone_wall.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Holystone Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.icestone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Icestone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.incubator.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Incubator
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.inebriation_aercloud.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Inebriation Aercloud
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.large_orange_tree.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Large Orange Tree
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.light_angelic_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.light_gale_stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Light Gale Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.light_genesis_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Light Genesis Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.light_hellfire_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Light Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.locked_ancient_carved_stone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Carved Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.locked_ancient_sentry_stone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Sentry Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.locked_angelic_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Angelic Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.locked_carved_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carved Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.locked_creeping_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Locked Creeping Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.locked_divine_angelic_stone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Locked Divine Angelic Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.locked_divine_carved_stone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Divine Carved Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.locked_divine_hellfire_stone.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Locked Divine Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.locked_divine_light_angelic_stone.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Locked Divine Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.locked_divine_light_hellfire_stone.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Locked Divine Light Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.locked_divine_sentry_stone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Divine Sentry Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.locked_fuse_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Locked Fuse Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.locked_gale_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gale Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.locked_genesis_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Genesis Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.locked_hellfire_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.locked_light_angelic_stone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.locked_light_gale_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Gale Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.locked_light_genesis_stone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Light Genesis Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.locked_light_hellfire_stone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Light Hellfire Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.locked_mythic_angelic_stone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Angelic Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.locked_mythic_carved_stone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Carved Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.locked_mythic_light_angelic_stone.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.locked_mythic_sentry_stone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Sentry Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.locked_sentry_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sentry Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.luminous_stone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Luminous Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.mature_orange_tree.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mature Orange Tree
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.medium_blueberry_bush.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Medium Blueberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.medium_orange_tree.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Medium Orange Tree
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.medium_raspberry_bush.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Medium Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.medium_strawberry_bush.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Medium Strawberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.moonlit_bloom.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Moonlit Bloom
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Holystone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone_double_slab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Holystone Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.mossy_holystone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Holystone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.mossy_holystone_wall.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Holystone Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Angelic Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone_double_slab.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Angelic Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.mythic_angelic_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Angelic Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.mythic_angelic_stone_wall.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Angelic Stone Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Carved Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone_double_slab.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Carved Stone Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.mythic_carved_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Carved Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.mythic_carved_stone_wall.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Carved Stone Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.mythic_light_angelic_stone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Light Angelic Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.mythic_sentry_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mythic Sentry Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.neverbloom.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Neverbloom
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.notch_holystone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Notched Holystone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.oblitus_stone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Oblitus Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.pillar.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pillar
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.pillar_top.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pillar Top
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.pink_aercloud.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pink Aercloud
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.present.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Present
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.primeval_artifact.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Primeval Artifact
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.protector_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Protector Block
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.purple_aercloud.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Purple Aercloud
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.purple_flower.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Purple Flower
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.purple_skyroot_fruit_leaves.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Purple Skyroot Fruit Leaves
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.purple_skyroot_leaves.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Purple Skyroot Leaves
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.purple_skyroot_sapling.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Purple Skyroot Sapling
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.quickshoot.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Quickshoot
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.quicksoil.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Quicksoil
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.quicksoil_glass.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Quicksoil Glass
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.raspberry_bush.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mature Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.raspberry_bush_stem.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Large Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.reinforced_arkenium_block.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Block of Arkenium
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.sentry_stone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sentry Stone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.skyroot_bed.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Bed
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.skyroot_bookshelf.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.skyroot_chest.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Chest
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.skyroot_double_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.skyroot_fence.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Fence
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.skyroot_fence_gate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.skyroot_ladder.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Ladder
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.skyroot_leaves.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Leaves
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.skyroot_log.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Wood
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.skyroot_log_wall.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Log Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.skyroot_planks.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.skyroot_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Sapling
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.skyroot_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.skyroot_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.skyroot_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.skyroot_trapdoor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.skyroot_workbench.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Skyroot Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.small_blueberry_bush.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Small Blueberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.small_orange_tree.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Small Orange Tree
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.small_raspberry_bush.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Small Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.small_strawberry_bush.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Small Strawberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.songstone_side.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Songstone
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.storm_aercloud.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Storm Aercloud
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.strawberry_bush.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mature Strawberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.strawberry_bush_stem.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Large Straberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.sun_altar.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sun Altar
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.treasure_chest.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.verdant_grass.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Verdant Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.void_double_slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.void_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.void_fence.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Void Wood Fence
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.void_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Void Wood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.void_fruit_leaves.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Void Fruit Leaves
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.void_leaves.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Void Leaves
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.void_log.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Void Wood
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.void_log_wall.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Void Log Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.void_planks.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Void Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.void_sapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Void Sapling
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.void_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.void_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.void_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Void Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.void_trapdoor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Void Wood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.white_flower.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE White Flower
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.white_rose.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE White Rose
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.wisproot_double_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.wisproot_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.wisproot_fence.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wisproot Fence
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.wisproot_fence_gate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wisproot Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.wisproot_log.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wisproot Wood
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.wisproot_log_wall.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wisproot Log Wall
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.wisproot_planks.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wisproot Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.wisproot_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wisproot Sapling
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.wisproot_slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.wisproot_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.wisproot_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wisproot Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.wisproot_trapdoor.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wisproot Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.zanite_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Zanite Block
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.zanite_ore.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Zanite Ore
fe.protection.trample.aether_legacy.zanite_trapdoor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Zanite Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                # (default: true) PLACE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE ME Chest
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                              # (default: true) PLACE ME Controller
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                         # (default: true) PLACE 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCrank.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crank
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE ME Drive
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Energy Cell
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockGrinder.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE ME IO Port
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Inscriber
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                               # (default: true) PLACE ME Interface
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Matrix Frame
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                      # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                             # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                # (default: true) PLACE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                # (default: true) PLACE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.Aum.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Aum
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.CraftingAltar.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Altar
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.InscriptionTable.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Inscription Table
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.ParticleEmitter.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Particle Emitter
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.SpellRune.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spell Rune
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.Summoner.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Summoner
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.TarmaRoot.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tarma Root
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.VinteumTorch.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Vinteum Torch
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.WitchwoodLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Witchwood Leaves
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.WitchwoodLog.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Witchwood Log
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.arcaneDeconstructor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Deconstructor
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.armorInfuser.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Armor Imbuement Table
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.astralBarrier.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Astral Barrier
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.blackAurem.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Black Aurem
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.blockArcaneReconstructor.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Reconstructor
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.blockLectern.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lectern
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.blueOrchid.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cerublossom
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.brokenLinkBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Broken Power Link
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.calefactor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Calefactor
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.candle.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Placed Warding Candle
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.celestialPrism.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Prism
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.crystalMarker.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.arsmagica2:crystalMarker.name
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.desertNova.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Desert Nova
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.elementalAttuner.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Flicker Habitat
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.essenceConduit.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Etherium Conduit
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.essenceRefiner.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Essence Refiner
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.everstone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Everstone
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.flickerLure.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Flicker Lure
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.goldInlay.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Gold Inlay
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.illusionBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.arsmagica2:illusionBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.inertSpawner.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Inert Spawner
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.invisibleUtility.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.arsmagica2:invisibleUtility.name
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.ironInlay.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Iron Inlay
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.keystoneChest.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Keystone Chest
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.keystoneDoor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Keystone Door
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.keystoneReceptacle.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.keystoneTrapDoor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Keystone Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.liquidEssence.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Etherium
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.mageTorch.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mage Light
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.magicWall.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magic Wall
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.magiciansWorkbench.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Magician's Workbench
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.manaBattery.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mana Battery
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.obelisk.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Obelisk
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.occulus.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Occulus
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.otherworldAura.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Otherworld Aura
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.planksWitchwood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Witchwood Planks
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.redstoneInlay.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Inlay
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.saplingWitchwood.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Witchwood Sapling
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.seerStone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Seer Stone
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.slipstreamGenerator.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Slipstream Generator
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.spellSealedDoor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Spell-Sealed Door
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.stairsWitchwood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Witchwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.vinteumOre.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.arsmagica2:ores.name
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.wakebloom.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wakebloom
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.witchwoodDoubleSlab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.arsmagica2:witchwoodDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.witchwoodSingleSlab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.arsmagica2:witchwoodSingleSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.arsmagica2.wizardChalk.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Wizard's Chalk Rune
fe.protection.trample.backpacks16840.backpack_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Backpack
fe.protection.trample.backpacks16840.backpack_block164.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.backpack_block164.name
fe.protection.trample.backpacks16840.quantum_chest.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Chest
fe.protection.trample.backpacks16840.quantum_chest164.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Chest (Imported from 1.6.4)
fe.protection.trample.chancecubes.Chance_Cube.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Chance Cube
fe.protection.trample.chancecubes.Chance_Icosahedron.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Chance Icosahedron
fe.protection.trample.chancecubes.Compact_Giant_Chance_Cube.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Compact Giant Chance Cube
fe.protection.trample.chancecubes.Cube_Dispenser.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Chance Cube Dispenser
fe.protection.trample.chancecubes.Giant_Chance_Cube.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Giant Chance Cube
fe.protection.trample.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.trample.chisel.andesite.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.antiBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Anti Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.autoChisel.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.beacon.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.trample.chisel.birch_planks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.brickCustom.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Brick Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Floor Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cloud.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cloud
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.copperblock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Copper
fe.protection.trample.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diamond_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diorite.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.dirt.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.emerald_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.end_Stone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.factoryblock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fantasy Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.futura.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Futura Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Futura Circuit
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glass.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glass2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glass_pane.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glowstone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.gold2.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.chisel.gold_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Gold Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.granite.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.grimstone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Grimstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hexPlating.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hex Plating
fe.protection.trample.chisel.holystone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Holystone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.iron2.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.chisel.iron_bars.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.chisel.iron_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Iron Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lapis_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lavastone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.leadblock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lead
fe.protection.trample.chisel.leaves.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_slab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Marble Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.nation.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.nether_brick.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.chisel.netherrack.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.chisel.oak_planks.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.obsidian.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.paperwall.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Paperwall
fe.protection.trample.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Paperwall Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.present.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Present
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.purpur.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.rebel.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rebellious Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.redstone_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.road_line.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Road Lines
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstone2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.trample.chisel.silverblock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Silver
fe.protection.trample.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.steelblock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Steel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Technical Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical3.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical4.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Technical Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.templeblock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Temple Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.tinblock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch1.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch10.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch3.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch4.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch5.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch6.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch7.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch8.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch9.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.tyrian.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tyrian
fe.protection.trample.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.trample.chisel.valentines.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Valentines Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstone2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.warningSign.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Warning Sign
fe.protection.trample.chisel.waterstone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Woolen Clay
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.audioCable.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Audio Cable
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.camera.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Camera
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.chatBox.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chat Box
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.cipher.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cipher Block
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.colorfulLamp.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.detector.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Detector - Digital
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.digitalControllerBox.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Digital Signal Controller Box
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.digitalReceiverBox.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Digital Signal Receiver Box
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.ironNoteBlock.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Iron Note Block
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.locomotiveRelay.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.radar.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Radar
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.speaker.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Speaker
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.speechBox.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Speech Box
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.tapeReader.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tape Drive
fe.protection.trample.computronics.computronics.ticketMachine.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.trample.cookingbook.cookingoven.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cooking Oven
fe.protection.trample.cookingbook.cookingtable.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cooking Table
fe.protection.trample.cookingbook.fridge.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fridge
fe.protection.trample.cookingbook.sink.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sink
fe.protection.trample.cookingbook.toaster.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.cookingbook:toaster.name
fe.protection.trample.cookingbook.toolrack.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tool Rack
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcBanner.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Banner
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcBarrel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Barrel
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcBeam.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Beam
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcBigSign.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Big Sign
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcBloodBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Blood Block
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcBook.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Book
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcBorder.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Border
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcCampfire.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Campfire
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcCampfireUnlit.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Campfire
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcCandle.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Candle
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcCandleUnlit.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lamp
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcCarpentyBench.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Carpentry Bench
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcChair.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chair
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcCouchWood.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Couch
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcCouchWool.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Wool Couch
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcCrate.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Crate
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcCrystalBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Crystal
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcLamp.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lamp
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcLampUnlit.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Candle
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcMailbox.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mailbox
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcPedestal.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcPlaceholder.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.npcPlaceholder.name
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcRedstoneBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Block
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcShelf.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Shelf
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcSign.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcStool.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stool
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcTable.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Table
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcTallLamp.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tall Lamp
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcTombstone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tombstone
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcWallBanner.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wall Banner
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcWaypoint.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Location Quest Block
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcWeaponRack.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Weapon Rack
fe.protection.trample.deepresonance.blockResonating.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Resonating Plate Block
fe.protection.trample.deepresonance.crystalizerBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Crystalizer
fe.protection.trample.deepresonance.denseGlass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dense Glass
fe.protection.trample.deepresonance.denseObsidian.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dense Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.deepresonance.energyCollectorBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Energy Collector
fe.protection.trample.deepresonance.generatorBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Generator
fe.protection.trample.deepresonance.generatorControllerBlock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Generator Controller
fe.protection.trample.deepresonance.laserBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Infusing Laser
fe.protection.trample.deepresonance.lensBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lens
fe.protection.trample.deepresonance.machineFrame.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Machine Frame
fe.protection.trample.deepresonance.oreResonating.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Resonating Ore
fe.protection.trample.deepresonance.pedestalBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.deepresonance.poisonedDirt.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Poisoned Dirt
fe.protection.trample.deepresonance.purifierBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Purifier
fe.protection.trample.deepresonance.resonatingCrystalBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Resonating Crystal
fe.protection.trample.deepresonance.smelterBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Smelter
fe.protection.trample.deepresonance.tankBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.trample.deepresonance.valveBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Valve
fe.protection.trample.denseores.block0.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:block0.name
fe.protection.trample.denseores.block1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:block1.name
fe.protection.trample.dimdoors.Dimensional_Door.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Door
fe.protection.trample.dimdoors.Fabric_of_Reality.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fabric of Reality
fe.protection.trample.dimdoors.Fabric_of_RealityPerm.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Eternal Fabric
fe.protection.trample.dimdoors.Golden_Dimensional_Door.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Golden Dimensional Door
fe.protection.trample.dimdoors.Golden_Door.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Golden Door
fe.protection.trample.dimdoors.Personal_Dimensional_Door.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Personal Dimensional Door
fe.protection.trample.dimdoors.Quartz_Door.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Door
fe.protection.trample.dimdoors.Rift.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Rift
fe.protection.trample.dimdoors.Transdimensional_Trapdoor.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Transdimensional Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.dimdoors.Unraveled_Fabric.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Unraveled Fabric
fe.protection.trample.dimdoors.Unstable_Door.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Unstable Door
fe.protection.trample.dimdoors.Warp_Door.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Warp Door
fe.protection.trample.dimdoors.transientDoor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Transient Door
fe.protection.trample.fossil.AnubiteStatue.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Anubite Statue
fe.protection.trample.fossil.amberOre.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Amber Ore
fe.protection.trample.fossil.analyzer.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Analyzer
fe.protection.trample.fossil.analyzerActive.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Analyzer
fe.protection.trample.fossil.ancientChest.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.fossil.ancientGlass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Glass
fe.protection.trample.fossil.ancientStone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone
fe.protection.trample.fossil.ancientStoneSlab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.fossil.ancientStoneSlabDouble.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ancientStoneSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.trample.fossil.ancientStoneStairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.fossil.ancientStonebrick.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Brick
fe.protection.trample.fossil.ancientWood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Wood
fe.protection.trample.fossil.ancientWoodPillar.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Wood Pillar
fe.protection.trample.fossil.ancientWoodPlate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Wooden Plate
fe.protection.trample.fossil.ancientWoodSlab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Wood Slab
fe.protection.trample.fossil.ancientWoodSlabDouble.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ancientWoodSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.trample.fossil.ancientWoodStairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Wooden Stairs
fe.protection.trample.fossil.anu_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Anu Statue
fe.protection.trample.fossil.anu_portal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Portal to the Lair of Darkness
fe.protection.trample.fossil.bubbleMachine.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Bubble Blower
fe.protection.trample.fossil.cultureVat.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Culture Vat
fe.protection.trample.fossil.cultureVatActive.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Culture Vat
fe.protection.trample.fossil.denseSand.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dense Sand
fe.protection.trample.fossil.feederActive.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Feeder
fe.protection.trample.fossil.feederIdle.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Feeder
fe.protection.trample.fossil.fernBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Fern
fe.protection.trample.fossil.figurine.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Figurine
fe.protection.trample.fossil.fossil.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fossil
fe.protection.trample.fossil.fossil_drum.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Drum
fe.protection.trample.fossil.fossilworkbench.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Archeology Workbench
fe.protection.trample.fossil.home_portal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Overworld Portal
fe.protection.trample.fossil.icedStone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Iced Stone
fe.protection.trample.fossil.obsidianSpikes.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Spikes
fe.protection.trample.fossil.palaeorapheLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Palaeoraphe Leaves
fe.protection.trample.fossil.palaeorapheLog.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Palaeoraphe Log
fe.protection.trample.fossil.palaeoraphePlanks.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Palaeoraphe Planks
fe.protection.trample.fossil.palaeorapheSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Palaeoraphe Sapling
fe.protection.trample.fossil.palaeorapheSlab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Palaeoraphe Slab
fe.protection.trample.fossil.palaeorapheSlabDouble.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Palaeoraphe Slab
fe.protection.trample.fossil.palaeorapheStairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Palaeoraphe Stairs
fe.protection.trample.fossil.permafrost.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Permafrost
fe.protection.trample.fossil.plant_bennettitales_large.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tall Bennettitales
fe.protection.trample.fossil.plant_bennettitales_small.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bennettitales
fe.protection.trample.fossil.plant_cephalotaxus.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cephalotaxus
fe.protection.trample.fossil.plant_crataegus.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Crataegus
fe.protection.trample.fossil.plant_dillhoffia.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dillhoffia
fe.protection.trample.fossil.plant_ephedra.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ephedra
fe.protection.trample.fossil.plant_florissantia.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Florissantia
fe.protection.trample.fossil.plant_horsetail_large.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tall Horsetail
fe.protection.trample.fossil.plant_horsetail_small.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Horsetail
fe.protection.trample.fossil.plant_licopodiophyta.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lycopodiophyta
fe.protection.trample.fossil.plant_mutant.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Failure Plant
fe.protection.trample.fossil.plant_osmunda.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Osmunda
fe.protection.trample.fossil.plant_paleopanax.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Foozia
fe.protection.trample.fossil.plant_sarracina.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Sarracenia 
fe.protection.trample.fossil.plant_tempskya.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tempskya
fe.protection.trample.fossil.plant_vaccinium.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Vaccinium
fe.protection.trample.fossil.plant_welwitschia.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Welwitschia
fe.protection.trample.fossil.plant_zamites.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Zamites
fe.protection.trample.fossil.sarcophagus.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mysterious Sarcophagus
fe.protection.trample.fossil.sifter.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sifter
fe.protection.trample.fossil.sifterActive.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sifter
fe.protection.trample.fossil.skullBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Skull
fe.protection.trample.fossil.skullLantern.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Skull Lantern
fe.protection.trample.fossil.slimeTrail.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Failuresaurus Trail
fe.protection.trample.fossil.strongGlass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Glass
fe.protection.trample.fossil.tar.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tar
fe.protection.trample.fossil.timeMachine.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Time Machine
fe.protection.trample.fossil.vaseAmphora.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.vaseAmphora.name
fe.protection.trample.fossil.vaseKylix.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.vaseKylix.name
fe.protection.trample.fossil.vaseVolute.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.vaseVolute.name
fe.protection.trample.fossil.volcanicAsh.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Ash
fe.protection.trample.fossil.volcanicBrick.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Brick
fe.protection.trample.fossil.volcanicRock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Rock
fe.protection.trample.fossil.volcanicSlab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Slab
fe.protection.trample.fossil.volcanicSlabDouble.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Slab
fe.protection.trample.fossil.volcanicStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Stairs
fe.protection.trample.fossil.workbenchActive.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Archeology Workbench
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE DNA Extractor
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mutatron
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Liquid DNA
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Protein
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Animal Trap
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Apiary
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Beehive
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Berry Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.churn.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Churn
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cutting Board
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Desert Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fish Trap
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Gourd Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Grass Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ground Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Herb Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Leafy Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.market.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Market
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.oven.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Oven
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Almond
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Apple
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Apricot
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Avocado
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Banana
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cashew
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cherry
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Coconut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Date
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Durian
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fig
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Goosberry
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lemon
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lime
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mango
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Maple Wood
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Olive
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Orange
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Papaya
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Peach
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pear
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pecan
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Plum
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Walnut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Barley Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Bean Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Beet Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE White Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Purple Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Blue Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Brown Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Green Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Red Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Black Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Orange Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lime Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pink Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Celery Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Corn Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cotton Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Date Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Garlic Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ginger Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Grape Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lamington
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Leek Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Oats Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Okra Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Onion Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pavlova
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Peanut Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Peas Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Radish Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rice Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Rye Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Scallion Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Soybean Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Spinach Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tomato Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Turnip Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pot.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pot
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Presser
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.quern.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Quern
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.salt.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Salt Ore
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.sink.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.sink.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stalk Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Textile Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Water Garden
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.aeDecoration.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.immersiveintegration:aeDecoration.name
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.extendablePost.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Extendable Wooden Post
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.extendedPost.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Post Extension
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.inductionCharger.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.immersiveintegration:inductionCharger.name
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.industrialCokeOven.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Coke Oven
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.itemRobin.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Item Robin
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.meDenseTransformer.*                               # (default: true) PLACE ME Dense Transformer
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.meDenseWireConnector.*                             # (default: true) PLACE ME Dense Wire Connector
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.meTransformer.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE ME Transformer
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.meWireConnector.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE ME Wire Connector
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.redstoneWireConnector.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Wire Connector
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.steelDecoration.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.immersiveintegration:steelDecoration.name
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.steelTrapdoor.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Activator Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.air.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.air.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.anvil.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.beacon.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bed.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bed
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cactus.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cake.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carpet.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carrots.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chest.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.clay.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.command_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Detector Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dirt.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dropper.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.farmland.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fire.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.furnace.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Booster Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.grass.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gravel.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hopper.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ice.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ladder.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lava.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lever.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.planks.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.portal.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.rail.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.reeds.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sand.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sand
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sapling.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.skull.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sponge.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tnt.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.torch.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.vine.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.water.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.web.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wheat.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wool.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.trample.mod_Invasion.blockNexus.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Nexus
fe.protection.trample.necromancy.Altar_Building_Block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.Altar Building Block.name
fe.protection.trample.necromancy.FlowingBlood.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Flowing Blood
fe.protection.trample.necromancy.Sewing_Machine.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sewing Machine
fe.protection.trample.necromancy.Summoning_Altar.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Summoning Altar
fe.protection.trample.necromancy.skullWall.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.skullWall.name
fe.protection.trample.secretroomsmod.CamoDummy.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.CamoDummy.name
fe.protection.trample.secretroomsmod.CamoGate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Secret Gate
fe.protection.trample.secretroomsmod.GhostBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ghost Block
fe.protection.trample.secretroomsmod.OneWayGlass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE One-Way Glass
fe.protection.trample.secretroomsmod.SecretCamoButton.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.SecretButton.name
fe.protection.trample.secretroomsmod.SecretCamoLever.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Secret lever
fe.protection.trample.secretroomsmod.SecretCamoRedstone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Secret Redstone
fe.protection.trample.secretroomsmod.SecretChest.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Secret Chest
fe.protection.trample.secretroomsmod.SecretHeavyPlate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Secret Weighted Plate (heavy)
fe.protection.trample.secretroomsmod.SecretIronDoorBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Secret Iron Door
fe.protection.trample.secretroomsmod.SecretLightDetector.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Secret Light Detector
fe.protection.trample.secretroomsmod.SecretLightPlate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Secret Weighted Plate (light)
fe.protection.trample.secretroomsmod.SecretPlayerPlate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Secret Player Plate
fe.protection.trample.secretroomsmod.SecretPressurePlate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Secret Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.secretroomsmod.SecretStair.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Secret Stairs
fe.protection.trample.secretroomsmod.SecretTrapDoor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Secret TrapDoor
fe.protection.trample.secretroomsmod.SecretTrappedChest.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Secret Trapped Chest
fe.protection.trample.secretroomsmod.SecretWoodenDoorBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Secret Wooden Door
fe.protection.trample.secretroomsmod.SolidAir.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Solid Air
fe.protection.trample.secretroomsmod.TorchLever.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch Lever
fe.protection.trample.telepads.telepad.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE TelePad
fe.protection.trample.vending.vendingMachine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Vending Block
fe.protection.trample.vending.vendingMachineAdvanced.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Vending Block
fe.protection.trample.vending.vendingMachineMultiple.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Multiple Vending Block
fe.protection.trample.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.trample.witchery.alluringskull.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Alluring Skull
fe.protection.trample.witchery.altar.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Altar
fe.protection.trample.witchery.artichoke.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Water Artichoke
fe.protection.trample.witchery.barrier.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Barrier
fe.protection.trample.witchery.beartrap.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Beartrap
fe.protection.trample.witchery.belladonna.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Belladonna
fe.protection.trample.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Blood Crucible
fe.protection.trample.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.trample.witchery.bloodrose.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood Poppy
fe.protection.trample.witchery.bramble.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.brazier.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Brazier
fe.protection.trample.witchery.brew.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.brewgas.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.brewliquid.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cactus.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.trample.witchery.candelabra.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Candelabra
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cauldron.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.witchery.chalice.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Chalice
fe.protection.trample.witchery.circle.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Heart Glyph
fe.protection.trample.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.trample.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.trample.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.trample.witchery.clever.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.trample.witchery.coffinblock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Coffin
fe.protection.trample.witchery.crittersnare.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Critter Snare
fe.protection.trample.witchery.crystalball.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Ball
fe.protection.trample.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sun Collector
fe.protection.trample.witchery.decursedirected.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.trample.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.trample.witchery.demonheart.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Demon Heart
fe.protection.trample.witchery.disease.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Disease
fe.protection.trample.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Distillery
fe.protection.trample.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Distillery
fe.protection.trample.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dream Weaver
fe.protection.trample.witchery.embermoss.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ember Moss
fe.protection.trample.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.trample.witchery.force.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Solid
fe.protection.trample.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fume Funnel
fe.protection.trample.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Garlic Garland
fe.protection.trample.witchery.garlicplant.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Garlic
fe.protection.trample.witchery.glintweed.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glint Weed
fe.protection.trample.witchery.glowglobe.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glow Globe
fe.protection.trample.witchery.grassper.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Grassper
fe.protection.trample.witchery.hollowtears.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icedoor.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ice Door
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icefence.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice Fence
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icefencegate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ice Gate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.iceslab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ice Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icestairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icestockade.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.infinityegg.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Infinity Egg
fe.protection.trample.witchery.kettle.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Kettle
fe.protection.trample.witchery.leapinglily.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Leaping Lily
fe.protection.trample.witchery.leechchest.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Leech Chest
fe.protection.trample.witchery.light.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.lilypad.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.lilypad.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mandrake.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mandrake
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mindrake.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Minedrake
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mirror
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mirror
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mirror Surface
fe.protection.trample.witchery.perpetualice.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.trample.witchery.pitdirt.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.trample.witchery.pitgrass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.trample.witchery.placeditem.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.plantmine.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.trample.witchery.refillingchest.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.trample.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.trample.witchery.scarecrow.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Scarecrow
fe.protection.trample.witchery.shadedglass.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.silvervat.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Silver Vat
fe.protection.trample.witchery.slurp.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowbell.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Snowbell
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowslab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Snow Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowstairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Snow Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.somniancotton.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.trample.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spanish Moss
fe.protection.trample.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.trample.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.trample.witchery.spiritportal.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spirit Portal
fe.protection.trample.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Alder Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.trample.witchery.statueofworship.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.trample.witchery.stockade.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.tormentportal.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Torment Portal
fe.protection.trample.witchery.tormentstone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Torment Stone
fe.protection.trample.witchery.trent.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Trent Effigy
fe.protection.trample.witchery.vine.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Vine
fe.protection.trample.witchery.voidbramble.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Void Bramble
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wallgen.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.web.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Web
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Witches Oven
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Witches Oven
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchleaves.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchlog.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchsapling.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchsladder.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchwood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wolf Altar
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wolfhead.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wolf Head
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wolfsbane
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wolftrap.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wolftrap
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wormwood.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wormwood
